Title: Between Two Fires: American Indians in the Civil War. Author: Laurence M. Hauptman, Description: Reveals that several hundred thousand Indians were affected by the Civil War and that twenty thousand Indians enlisted on both sides in an attempt to gain legitimacy, autonomy, or simply land.. Genre: History,Military History,Civil War,American History,American Civil War,Nonfiction,North American Hi...,American History,Native Americans.
Title: Fashion Sourcebook 1920s. Author: Charlotte Fiell,Emmanuelle Dirix, Description: Fashion Sourcebook - 1920s is the first book in a brand-new series by Fiell Publishing that documents comprehensively the seasonal fashion styles of the 20th century, decade by decade. Sumptuously illustrated with over 600 original photographs, drawings and prints, this title is a must-have reference work for not only students of fashion, but for all fashionistas. Fashion Sourcebook - 1920s focuses on the Art Deco period with its beautiful beaded dresses, cloche hats and t-bar shoes as worn by the fashionable flappers and the "bright young things" of the time. An accompanying introduction outlines the major themes within fashion during this period and introduces its most famous designers and assesses their creative contributions. Text in English, French & German. Also Available: Fashion Sourcebook - 1930s ISBN: 9781906863586 24.95". Genre: Couture,Fashion,Historical,Art,Nonfiction.
Title: Hungary 56. Author: Andy Anderson, Description: The seminal history and analysis of the Hungarian Revolution and the workers' councils, perhaps the single most important revolutionary event ever, and this is simply the best book on it.. Genre: Politics,History.
Title: All-American Anarchist: Joseph A. Labadie and the Labor Movement. Author: Carlotta R. Anderson, Description: "All-American Anarchist" chronicles the life and work of Joseph A. Labadie (1850-1933), Detroit's prominent labor organizer and one of early labor's most influential activists. A dynamic participant in the major social reform movements of the Gilded Age, Labadie was a central figure in the pervasive struggle for a new social order as the American Midwest underwent rapid industrialization at the end of the 19th century. This engaging biography follows Labadie's colorful career from a childhood among a Pottawatomi tribe in the Michigan woods through his local and national involvement in a maze of late 19th-century labor and reform activities, including participation in the Socialist Labor party, Knights of Labor, Greenback movement, trades councils, typographical union, eight-hour-day campaigns, and the rise of the American Federation of Labor. In writing this biography of her grandfather, Carlotta R. Anderson consulted the renowned Labadie Collection at the University of Michigan, a unique collection of protest literature which extensively documents pivotal times in American labor history and radical history.. Genre: Labor,History.
Title: Les oiseaux gourmands. Author: Jean Leveille, Description: Aujourd’hui, l’oiseau nous invite à sa table, table surprenante par sa diversité et son originalité. Tous initient leurs petits à la vie gourmande en puisant dans un panier aux ressources immenses. Pour y parvenir, l’oiseau a modifié son anatomie, sa morphologie, mais surtout il a radicalement adapté son organisme à ses choix. Par ses photos magnifiques et ses textes fascinants, l’auteur nous invite à découvrir les innombrables et subtiles facettes de l’alimentation des oiseaux., - ,www.jeanleveille.org. Genre: nan.
Title: The Human Equation: Building Profits by Putting People First. Author: Jeffrey Pfeffer, Description: Why is common sense so uncommon when it comes to managing people? How is it that so many seemingly intelligent organizations implement harmful management practices and ideas? In his provocative new book, ,The Human Equation,, bestselling author Jeffrey Pfeffer examines why much of the current conventional wisdom is wrong and asks us to re-think the way managers link people with organizational performance. Pfeffer masterfully builds a powerful business case for managing people effectively—not just because it makes for good corporate policy, but because it results in outstanding performance and profits. Challenging current thinking and practice, Pfeffer: reveals the costs of downsizing and provides alternatives; identifies troubling trends in compensation, and suggests better practices; explains why even the smartest managers sometimes manage people unwisely; demonstrates how market-based forces can fail to create good people management practices, creating a need for positive public policy; and provides practical guidelines for implementing high-performance management practices. Filled with information and ideas, ,The Human Equation, provides much-needed guidance for managing people more wisely and more profitably.. Genre: Business,Leadership,Romance,Historical Romance,Nonfiction,Business,Management,Management,Human Resources.
Title: Competitive Advantage Through People: Unleashing the Power of the Work Force. Author: Jeffrey Pfeffer, Description: "Competitive Advantage Through People" explores why - despite long-standing evidence that a committed work force is essential for success - firms continue to attach little importance to their workers. The answer, argues Pfeffer, resides in a complex web of factors based on perception, history, legislation, and practice that continues to dominate management thought and action. Yet, some organizations have been able to overcome these obstacles. In fact, the five common stocks with the highest returns between 1972 and 1992 - Southwest Airlines, Wal-Mart, Tyson Foods, Circuit City, and Plenum Publishing - were in industries that shared virtually none of the characteristics traditionally associated with strategic success. What each of these firms did share is the ability to produce sustainable competitive advantage through its way of managing people. Pfeffer documents how they - and others - resisted traditional management pitfalls, and offers frameworks for implementing these changes in any industry.. Genre: Business,Leadership,Business,Management,Romance,Historical Romance.
Title: Hawaii: An Uncommon History. Author: Edward Joesting, Description: "Even if you know Hawaiian history you will find much here that is new, besides Knowledge, both love and understanding of th islands " Jacob Adler. Genre: History,Nonfiction.
Title: R101: A Pictorial History. Author: Nick Le Neve Walmsley, Description: At the time of her construction in the late 1920s, His Majesty's Airship R101 was the largest flying object ever made—as big and luxurious as an ocean liner, a Titanic of the skies designed to link the far-flung corners of the British Empire within days. As Britain recovered from the horrors of the trenches, R101's graceful lines, vast size, and luxurious accommodation came to represent the supreme self-confidence and hopes of a nation. But that unclouded vision was fatally colored by personal ambition, heroism, weakness, and political intrigue that touched many lives and reached a terrible climax on a storm-lashed hillside in France in the early hours of October 5, 1930. This book is the first to tell her story through contemporary photographs and actual material used during her construction. By returning to original sources, Nick Walmsley challenges the long-held view that R101 was a bad aircraft built by careless people. Atmospherically capturing the heady days of the 1920s, ,R101: A Pictorial History, has wide appeal to aviation enthusiasts, social historians, and anyone fascinated by a tale of an heroic dream with a horrific end.. Genre: nan.
Title: Genuine Happiness: Meditation as the Path to Fulfillment. Author: B. Alan Wallace,Dalai Lama XIV, Description: Discover your personal path to bliss,"This book will give anyone interested in the spectrum of core meditative practices stemming from the Buddhist tradition but in essence universal the deepest of perspectives on what is possible for us as human beings as well as excellent guidance in the essential, time-tested attitudes and practices for actualizing our innate capacity for wisdom, compassion, and well-being, right here and right now.",—,Jon Kabat-Zinn,, author of ,Coming to Our Senses, and ,Full Catastrophe Living,"In ,Genuine Happiness,, Alan Wallace displays his rare talent in boiling down the complex to the clear and in guiding readers through a practical path to contentment. A gift for all moods and seasons.",—,Daniel Goleman,, author of ,Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ,"This lucid and rich book offers brillant, wise, and accessible teachings on the essentials of four core meditation techniques that lead one to genuine joy and happiness. Alan Wallace's years of practice and teaching shine through every page, as with ease and great humanity, he brings to the reader the possibility of liberation.",—,Joan Halifax Roshi,, abbot of Upaya Zen Center,",Genuine Happiness, is a treasure chest of wisdom: clear, inspiring teaching jewels. It is an excellent support for any student of meditation.",—,Sharon Salzberg,, author of ,Faith: Trusting Your Own Deepest Experience,In today's overstimulated world, many are realizing that happiness gained through material wealth and frivolous conquests is short-lived. To achieve long-term happiness, you must access your own bountiful resources—housed in your heart and mind. In ,Genuine Happiness,, longtime Buddhist practitioner Alan Wallace shows you the path to bliss.,Drawing on more than three decades of study under His Holiness the Dalai Lama and sixty other teachers, as well as 2,500 years of Buddhist tradition, Alan Wallace guides you step by step through five simple yet powerful meditations to help you focus your mind and open your heart to true happiness. Featuring a Foreword by the Dalai Lama, this book will help you discover that it is possible to experience genuine happiness every day.,As you incorporate the meditations from ,Genuine Happiness, into your life, you will discover that the joy you've sought has always been only a few meditative minutes away.. Genre: Religion,Buddhism,Philosophy,Spirituality,Psychology,Nonfiction,Religion.
Title: The Books of Contemplation: Medieval Jewish Mystical Sources. Author: Mark Verman, Description: The earliest medieval Jewish mystical writings, or kabbalah, date from the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries. This is the first book to focus on the most prodigious group active at that time--the 'Circle of Contemplation'.,The 'Circle of Contemplation' generated a mystical theology that differs radically from mainstream kabbalistic theosophy. Two of this group's penetrating speculations on God and the origins of the universe are The Book of Contemplation and The Fountain of Wisdom. A meticulous and systematic study of these writings forms the core of this book.,Verman discovered that the 'Circle of Contemplation' produced a series of distinct treatises, each entitled The Book of Contemplation and attributed to the same fictitious author. These treatises, embodying one of the most intriguing puzzles of medieval literature, are included here.,The author concludes that these writings were a product of thirteenth-century Spain, not France, as claimed by Gershom Scholem. His conclusion engendered a critical evaluation of the premises of Scholem's historiography of early medieval Jewish mysticism.. Genre: nan.
Title: Anthropological Studies of Religion: An Introductory Text. Author: Brian   Morris, Description: In this important, scholarly and wide-ranging text, Brian Morris provides a lucid outline of the nature of the explanations of religious phenomena offered by such great thinkers as Hegel, Marx, and Weber. In doing so he also unravels the many theoretical strategies in the study of religion that have been developed and explored by later anthropologists. Besides discussing the classical authors and the debates surrounding their work, Morris presents perceptive accounts of more contemporary scholars such as Jung, Malinowski, Levi-Strauss, Geertz, and Godelier. Written from the standpoint of critical sympathy, and free of jargon, this book is an invaluable guide to the writings on religion of all the major figures in anthropology.. Genre: Anthropology,Religion,Nonfiction,Academic,Social Science,Sociology.
Title: Anarchism And Ecology. Author: Graham Purchase, Description: This book outlines the history of our slow alienation from locale, and proposes some visionary and yet practical solutions to the global ecological crisis that call for the emergence of an integrated, living, and sustainable relationship with the ecological regions that surround us.. Genre: Biology,Ecology,Nonfiction,Politics.
Title: Happiness: Lessons from a New Science. Author: Richard Layard, Description: There is a paradox at the heart of our lives. We all want more money, but as societies become richer, they do not become happier. This is not speculation: It's the story told by countless pieces of scientific research. We now have sophisticated ways of measuring how happy people are, and all the evidence shows that on average people have grown no happier in the last fifty years, even as average incomes have more than doubled.The central question the great economist Richard Layard asks in ,Happiness, is this: If we really wanted to be happier, what would we do differently? First we'd have to see clearly what conditions generate happiness and then bend all our efforts toward producing them. That is what this book is about-the causes of happiness and the means we have to effect it.,Until recently there was too little evidence to give a good answer to this essential question, but, Layard shows us, thanks to the integrated insights of psychology, sociology, applied economics, and other fields, we can now reach some firm conclusions, conclusions that will surprise you. ,Happiness, is an illuminating road map, grounded in hard research, to a better, happier life for us all.. Genre: Psychology,Nonfiction,Economics,Science,Philosophy,Self Help,Self Help,Personal Development,Sociology,Writing,Journalism,Politics.
Title: Anarchism & Environmental Survival. Author: Graham Purchase, Description: In this wide-ranging book, Graham Purchase, one of the anarchist movement's leading theoreticians, graphically demonstrates relation of classical libertarian thought to the most pressing issues on the Green agenda: bioregionalism, overpopulation, sustainable agriculture, animal rights, wilderness preservation, technology, social ecology, and eco-defense. ,This book is not, however, a collective of dry, academic essays. Purchase's uncompromising approach and acerbic comments ensure that "Anarchism & Environmental Survival" will remain a controversial book on the environment.. Genre: Biology,Ecology.
Title: Dressed to Rule: Royal and Court Costume from Louis XIV to Elizabeth II. Author: Philip Mansel, Description: Throughout history rulers have used clothes as a form of legitimization and propaganda. While palaces, pictures, and jewels might reflect the choice of a monarch’s predecessors or advisers, clothes reflected the preferences of the monarch himself. Being both personal and visible, the right costume at the right time could transform and define a monarch’s reputation. Many royal leaders have known this, from Louis XIV to Catherine the Great and from Napoleon I to Princess Diana.,This intriguing book explores how rulers have sought to control their image through their appearance. Mansel shows how individual styles of dress throw light on the personalities of particular monarchs, on their court system, and on their ambitions. The book looks also at the economics of the costume industry, at patronage, at the etiquette involved in mourning dress, and at the act of dressing itself. Fascinating glimpses into the lives of European monarchs and contemporary potentates reveal the intimate connection between power and the way it is packaged.. Genre: History,Couture,Fashion,Nonfiction,Historical,Cultural,France.
Title: On The Medieval Theory Of Signs. Author: Umberto Eco, Description: In the course of the long debate on the nature and the classification of signs, from Boethius to Ockham, there are at least three lines of thought: the Stoic heritage, that influences Augustine, Abelard, Francis Bacon; the Aristotelian tradition, stemming from the commentaries on ,De Interpretatione;, the discussion of the grammarians, from Priscian to the Modistae. Modern interpreters are frequently misled by the fact that the various authors regularly used the same terms. Such a homogeneous terminology, however, covers profound theoretical differences. The aim of these essays is to show that the medieval theory of signs does not represent a unique body of semiotic notions: there are diverse and frequently alternative semiotic theories. This book thus represents an attempt to encourage further research on the still unrecognized variety of the semiotic approaches offered by the medieval philosophies of language.. Genre: History.
Title: After Long Silence. Author: Helen Fremont, Description: "To this day, I don't even know what my mother's real name is.",Helen Fremont was raised as a Roman Catholic. It wasn't until she was an adult, practicing law in Boston, that she discovered her parents were Jewish--Holocaust survivors living invented lives. Not even their names were their own. In this powerful memoir, Helen Fremont delves into the secrets that held her family in a bond of silence for more than four decades, recounting with heartbreaking clarity a remarkable tale of survival, as vivid as fiction but with the resonance of truth.,Driven to uncover their roots, Fremont and her sister pieced together an astonishing story: of Siberian Gulags and Italian royalty, of concentration camps and buried lives. ,After Long Silence, is about the devastating price of hiding the truth; about families; about the steps we take, foolish or wise, to protect ourselves and our loved ones. No one who reads this book can be unmoved, or fail to understand the seductive, damaging power of secrets.,What Fremont and her sister discover is an astonishing story: one of Siberian gulags and Italian royalty, of concentration camps and buried lives. AFTER LONG SILENCE is about the devastating price of hiding the truth; about families; about the steps we take, foolish or wise, to protect ourselves and our loved ones. No one who reads this book can be unmoved, or fail to understand the seductive, damaging power of secrets. -->. Genre: Autobiography,Memoir,Nonfiction,World War II,Holocaust,History,War,World War II,Biography,Biography,Autobiography,Biography Memoir,War,Literature,Jewish.
Title: The Principles of Psychology: Volume 1. Author: William  James, Description: This is the first inexpensive edition of the complete ,Long Course in Principles of Psychology,, one of the great classics of modern Western literature and science and the source of the ripest thoughts of America’s most important philosopher. As such, it should not be confused with the many abridgements that omit key sections.,The book presents lucid descriptions of human mental activity, with detailed considerations of the stream of thought, consciousness, time perception, memory, imagination, emotions, reason, abnormal phenomena, and similar topics. In its course it takes into account the work of Berkeley, Binet, Bradley, Darwin, Descartes, Fechner, Galton, Green, Helmholtz, Herbart, Hume, Janet, Kant, Lange, Lotze, Locke, Mill, Royce, Schopenhauer, Spinoza, Wundt, and scores of others. It examines contrasting interpretations of mental phenomena, treating introspective analysis, philosophical interpretations, and experimental research.,It remains unsurpassed today as a brilliantly written survey of William James’ timeless view of psychology.. Genre: Psychology,Philosophy,Nonfiction,Science,Classics,Reference,Textbooks,Self Help,Literature,19th Century,History.
Title: Islands. Author: Dan Sleigh,André Brink, Description: This novel of epic proportions from South Africa, set between 1650 and 1710, covers the first fifty years of the Dutch colony at the Cape of Good Hope. Beautifully rendered, this is a world and a time never before dealt with in fiction-a period when powerful colonizers took over the lands of Hottentot tribes, exposing aborigines for the first time to Western eyes and Western ways. Through the life stories of seven men-all involved with and defined in one way or another by Pieternella, the beautiful daughter of the first mixed marriage of the new colony-we gain an understanding of the vast historical forces at work.,Teeming with characters, rich with lived experience, gripping in its unexpected turns, Islands is a story of greed, power, war, courage, and international intrigue, at once a meticulously researched portrait of the age, and a great adventure story.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Cultural,Africa,Southern Africa,South Africa,Fiction,Historical,Literature,African Literature,Contemporary,Literature,Literature,21st Century,Eastern Africa,Mauritius.
Title: Character Strengths and Virtues: A Handbook and Classification. Author: Christopher Peterson,Martin E.P. Seligman, Description: Character has become a front-and-center topic in contemporary discourse, but this term does not have a fixed meaning. Character may be simply defined by what someone does not do, but a more active and thorough definition is necessary, one that addresses certain vital questions. Is character a singular characteristic of an individual, or is it composed of different aspects? Does character--however we define it--exist in degrees, or is it simply something one happens to have? How can character be developed? Can it be learned? Relatedly, can it be taught, and who might be the most effective teacher? What roles are played by family, schools, the media, religion, and the larger culture? This groundbreaking handbook of character strengths and virtues is the first progress report from a prestigious group of researchers who have undertaken the systematic classification and measurement of widely valued positive traits. They approach good character in terms of separate strengths-authenticity, persistence, kindness, gratitude, hope, humor, and so on-each of which exists in degrees.,Character Strengths and Virtues, classifies twenty-four specific strengths under six broad virtues that consistently emerge across history and culture: wisdom, courage, humanity, justice, temperance, and transcendence. Each strength is thoroughly examined in its own chapter, with special attention to its meaning, explanation, measurement, causes, correlates, consequences, and development across the life span, as well as to strategies for its deliberate cultivation. This book demands the attention of anyone interested in psychology and what it can teach about the good life.. Genre: Psychology,Philosophy,Nonfiction,Reference,Self Help,Personal Development,Self Help,Parenting,Education,Business,Psychology,Counselling.
Title: Parnassus on Wheels. Author: Christopher  Morley, Description: Roger Mifflin is part pixie, part sage, part noble savage, and all God's creature. With his traveling book wagon named Parnassus, he moves through the New England countryside of 1915 on an itinerant mission of enlightenment. Mifflin's delight in books and authors is infectious--with his singular philosophy and bright eyes, he comes to represent the heart and soul of the book world. But a certain spirited spinster, disgruntled with her life, may have a hand in changing all that. This roaring good adventure yarn is spiced with fiery roadside brawls, heroic escapes from death, the most groaning boards in the history of Yankee cookery, and a rare love story--not to mention a glimpse at a feminist perspective from the early 1900s.. Genre: Fiction,Writing,Books About Books,Classics,Humor,Adventure,Novella,Historical,Historical Fiction,Romance,Literature,Audiobook.
Title: The Accidental President of Brazil: A Memoir. Author: Fernando Henrique Cardoso,Brian Winter, Description: Fernando Henrique Cardoso received a phone call in the middle of the night asking him to be the new Finance Minister of Brazil. As he put the phone down and stared into the darkness of his hotel room, he feared he'd been handed a political death sentence. The year was 1993, and he would be responsible for an economy that had had seven different currencies in the previous eight years to cope with inflation that had run at 3000 percent a year. Brazil had a habit of chewing up finance ministers with the ferocity of an Amazon piranha. This was just one of the turns in a largely unscripted and sometimes unwanted political career. In exile during the harshest period of the junta that ruled Brazil for twenty years, Cardoso started his political life with a tentative run for the Federal Senate in 1978. Within fifteen years, and despite himself, this former sociologist was running the country.,And what a country! Brazil, it is often said, is on the edge of modernity, striding with one foot in mid-air towards the future, the other still rooted deep in a traditional past. It is a land of sophisticated music and brutal gold-digging, of the next global superpower and the last old-time coffee plantations. It is gloriously ungovernable, irrepressibly attractive, and home to the family, friends and extraordinary life of Fernando Henrique Cardoso. This is his story and his love song to his country.. Genre: History,Cultural,Brazil,Nonfiction,Biography,Politics,Autobiography,Memoir,Economics,Culture,Society.
Title: The Shining Path: A History of the Millenarian War in Peru. Author: Gustavo Gorriti, Description: First published in Peru in 1990, ,The Shining Path, was immediately hailed as one of the finest works on the insurgency that plagued that nation for over fifteen years. A richly detailed and absorbing account, it covers the dramatic years between the guerrillas' opening attack in 1980 and President Fernando Belaunde's reluctant decision to send in the military to contain the growing rebellion in late 1982. Covering the strategy, actions, successes, and setbacks of both the government and the rebels, the book shows how the tightly organized insurgency forced itself upon an unwilling society just after the transition from an authoritarian to a democratic regime.,One of Peru's most distinguished journalists, Gustavo Gorriti first covered the Shining Path movement for the leading Peruvian newsweekly, ,Caretas,. Drawing on hundreds of interviews and an impressive array of government and Shining Path documents, he weaves his careful research into a vivid portrait of the now-jailed Shining Path leader Abimael Guzman, Belaunde and his generals, and the unfolding drama of the fiercest war fought on Peruvian soil since the Chilean invasion a century before.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,Politics.
Title: Irrational Exuberance. Author: Robert J. Shiller, Description: As Robert Shiller’s new 2009 preface to his prescient classic on behavioral economics and market volatility asserts, the irrational exuberance of the stock and housing markets “has been ended by an economic crisis of a magnitude not seen since the Great Depression of the 1930s.” As we all, ordinary Americans and professional investors alike, crawl from the wreckage of our heedless bubble economy, the shrewd insights and sober warnings, and hard facts that Shiller marshals in this book are more invaluable than ever. ,The original and bestselling 2000 edition of Irrational Exuberance evoked Alan Greenspan’s infamous 1996 use of that phrase to explain the alternately soaring and declining stock market. It predicted the collapse of the tech stock bubble through an analysis of the structural, cultural, and psychological factors behind levels of price growth not reflected in any other sector of the economy. In the second edition (2005), Shiller folded real estate into his analysis of market volatility, marshalling evidence that housing prices were dangerously inflated as well, a bubble that could soon burst, leading to a “string of bankruptcies” and a “worldwide recession.” That indeed came to pass, with consequences that the 2009 preface to this edition deals with. ,Irrational Exuberance is more than ever a cogent, chilling, and astonishingly far-seeing analytical work that no one with any money in any market anywhere can afford not to read–and heed.. Genre: Economics,Economics,Finance,Business,Nonfiction,Psychology,Currency,Money,History,Finance,Personal Finance,Science,Philosophy.
Title: Jane Austen and the War of Ideas. Author: Marilyn Butler, Description: It is often said that Jane Austen in the countryside remained isolated from the great events of her time. But as Marilyn Butler points out in ,Jane Austen and the War of Ideas,, Austen was not isolated from reading novels, and novels carried controversy. The sentimental novel of the previous generation, the Jacobin novel of William Godwin, the philosophical comedy of Robert Bage and Maria Edgeworth--all conveyed their own kind of ideological meaning. By recognizing Austen's relationship to the literature of ideas, Butler offers acute readings of each of the novels and an intellectual context in which to see them as a whole.. Genre: Criticism,Literary Criticism,Nonfiction,Criticism,Language,Writing,Literature,History,Biography.
Title: The Canal House. Author: Mark Lee, Description: Photojournalist Nicky Bettencourt thinks he's seen everything until he teams up with the legendary war correspondent Daniel McFarland. To Daniel, the story is everything; people come later. But after a plane crash nearly takes his life, Daniel begins to see the world in a different way. He falls in love with Julia Cadell, an idealistic British doctor, and together they find refuge at an old canal house in the center of London. Soon after, Nicky, Daniel, and Julia are called to East Timor, where the government has fled and the entire country is a war zone, and Daniel must decide whether to get the story of a lifetime or to see beyond the headlines to the people whose lives are in the balance. ,Fast-paced and gorgeously written, The Canal House is a gripping novel of love, faith, and friendship set in the dangerous world of international wartime journalism. . Genre: Fiction,Cultural,Australia,Eastern Africa,Uganda,Historical,Historical Fiction.
Title: History of Cartography: Enlarged Second Edition. Author: Leo Bagrow,Raleigh Ashlin Skelton, Description: This illustrated work is intended to acquaint readers with the early maps produced in both Europe and the rest of the world, and to tell us something of their development, their makers and printers, their varieties and characteristics. The authors' chief concern is with the appearance of maps: they exclude any examination of their content, or of scientific methods of mapmaking. This book ends in the second half of the eighteenth century, when craftsmanship was superseded by specialized science and the machine. As a history of the evolution of the early map, it is a stunning work of art and science.,This expanded second edition of Bagrow and Skelton's ,History of Cartography, marks the reappearance of this seminal work after a hiatus of nearly a half century. As a reprint project undertaken many years after the book last appeared, finding suitable materials to work from proved to be no easy task. Because of the wealth of monochrome and color plates, the book could only be properly reproduced using the original materials. Ultimately the authors were able to obtain materials from the original printer Scotchprints or contact films made directly from original plates, thus allowing the work to preserve the beauty and clarity of the illustrations.,Old maps, collated with other materials, help us to elucidate the course of human history. It was not until the eighteenth century, however, that maps were gradually stripped of their artistic decoration and transformed into plain, specialist sources of information based upon measurement. Maps are objects of historical, artistic, and cultural significance, and thus collecting them seems to need no justification, simply enjoyment.. Genre: nan.
Title: Toward Rational Exuberance: The Evolution of the Modern Stock Market. Author: B. Mark Smith, Description: The stock market is big news today. Over 50 percent of the American public own stocks directly or indirectly, meaning that the financial well-being of tens of millions of people is directly tied to the market. Alan Greenspan has stated that it is not possible to understand the modern economy without understanding the stock market. But this has not always been so. ,Many people now alive can remember a very different time, when the stock market was little more than a primitive insiders' game, viewed by most Americans with skepticism and suspicion. In ,Toward Rational Exuberance,, B. Mark Smith, a professional stock trader with two decades of practical experience, tells the story of how this stunning transformation occurred. It is a fascinating story, involving colorful personalities, dramatic events, and revolutionary new ideas. In the course of the narrative, Smith traces the evolution of popular theories of stock market behavior, showing how they have greatly influenced the way the investing public views the market. But he also shows how some of these theories are based on faulty interpretations of market history that may lead investors astray. Freshly updated, this is a timely -- and definitive -- account of the market's true history and dangerous myths.. Genre: Economics,Finance,Economics,History,Finance,Personal Finance,Nonfiction,Currency,Money,Business,Menage,M M M.
Title: Wild Men, Wild Alaska: Finding What Lies Beyond the Limits. Author: Rocky McElveen, Description: In ,Wild Men, Wild Alaska, professional hunting and fishing guide and outfitter Rocky McElveen tells the stories of his own adventures as well as those of some of his well-known clients. The book takes readers directly into the Alaskan bush, and shares the intense challenges of a majestic wilderness that pushes a man to his limits.. Genre: Nonfiction,Nature,Outdoors,Christian,Environment,Nature,Biography.
Title: The Milk Farm: An Erotic Novel. Author: Luc Milne, Description: nan. Genre: Erotica,Gay Erotica.
Title: Naked Ambition: Women Who Are Changing Pornography. Author: Carly Mine,Carly Mine, Description: When adult entertainment first appeared on the pop culture radar as an underground film phenomenon, women were little more than starlets, who—for the most part—answered to men. But as pornography evolved in step with technology and consumer demand over the past twenty years, it also reflected the shifting political climate. Greater sexual equality started to appear both in front of and behind the cameras. Not only did female performers take charge for the first time of their careers, but women began running the companies people purchase movies from, opening woman-friendly sex shops and writing thoughtful, analytical commentary on pornography-often from a feminist perspective.,In ,Naked Ambition,, adult entertainment industry insider Carly Milne takes readers behind the scenes and on to the frontlines of today's woman-owned and supported adult entertainment industry that has revolutionized both pornography and the traditional feminist movement that has for years often stood in opposition to it. Personal essays by Jenna Jameson, Theresa Flynt, Violet Blue, Holly Randall, Tristan Taormino, Tera Patrick, Danni Ashe, Nina Hartley, Jane Duvall and Rachel Kramer Bussel, among other top women pornographers and pornography supporters showcase this relatively recent but fast-growing segment of adult entertainment producers and consumers.. Genre: Nonfiction,Sociology,Sexuality,Sex Work,Feminism,Sexuality,Gender,GLBT,Queer.
Title: Algeria: France's Undeclared War. Author: Martin Evans, Description: Invaded in 1830, populated by one million settlers who co-existed uneasily with nine million Arabs and Berbers, Algeria was different from other French colonies because it was administered as an integral part of France, in theory no different from Normandy or Brittany. The depth and scale of the colonization process explains why the Algerian War of 1954 to 1962 was one of the longest and most violent of the decolonization struggles.,An undeclared war in the sense that there was no formal beginning of hostilities, the war produced huge tensions that brought down four governments, ended the Fourth Republic in 1958, and mired the French army in accusations of torture and mass human rights abuses. In carefully re-examining the origins and consequences of the conflict, Martin Evans argues that it was the Socialist led Republican Front, in power from January 1956 until May 1957, which was the defining moment in the war. Predicated on the belief in the universal civilizing mission of the Fourth Republic, coupled with the conviction that Algerian nationalism was feudal and religiously fanatical in character, the Republican Front dramatically intensified the war in the spring of 1956.,Drawing upon previously classified archival sources as well as new oral testimonies, this book underlines the conflict of values between the Republican Front and Algerian nationalism, explaining how this clash produced patterns of thought and action, such as the institutionalization of torture and the raising of pro-French Muslim militias, which tragically polarized choices and framed all subsequent stages of the conflict.. Genre: History,Cultural,Africa,Northern Africa,Algeria,Cultural,France,Nonfiction,Religion,Islam,Military,Military History,Africa,Northern Africa.
Title: Paul: His Story. Author: Jerome Murphy-O'Connor, Description: For someone who has exercised such a profound influence on Christian theology, Paul remains a shadowy figure behind the barrier of his complicated and difficult biblical letters. Debates about his meaning have deflected attention from his personality, yet his personality is an important key to understanding his theological ideas. This book redresses the balance. Jerome Murphy-O'Connor's disciplined imagination, nourished by a lifetime of research, shapes numerous textual, historical, and archaeological details into a colourful and enjoyable story of which Paul is the flawed but undefeated hero., This chronological narrative offers new insights into Paul's intellectual, emotional, and religious development and puts his travels, mission, and theological ideas into a plausible biographical context. As he changes from an assimilated Jewish teenager in Tarsus to a competitive Pharisee in Jerusalem and then to a driven missionary of Christ, the sometimes contradictory components of Paul's complex personality emerge from the way he interacts with people and problems. His theology was forged in dialogue and becomes more intelligible as our appreciation of his person deepens. In Jerome Murphy-O'Connor's engaging biography, the Apostle comes to life as a complex, intensely human individual.. Genre: Religion,Religion,Theology,Christianity,New Testament.
Title: American Fancy: Exuberance in the Arts 1790-1840. Author: Sumpter Priddy, Description: Between 1790 and 1840, millions of middle-class Americans throughout the nation encountered "Fancy": they rode in a Fancy sleigh, dressed up in Fancy clothes, blew their noses in Fancy handkerchiefs, bought goods at Fancy shops, ate at Fancy tables on Fancy dishes, and slept under Fancy coverlets. Not just fancy but Fancy: an early nineteenth-century cultural phenomenon born out of new and enlightened ways of seeing, understanding, and responding to the surrounding world. Fancy expressed itself in just about everything that pleased the senses; generally colorful and boldly patterned, it elicited delight, awe, surprise, whim, and caprice. Whether experienced in the form of painted surfaces, kaleidoscopic quilts, or imaginary landscapes, Fancy engaged the emotions and expanded the imagination, expressing the core of human fancy. "American Fancy" offers an appropriately fantastic experience of this uniquely American sensibility. Author Sumpter Priddy has assembled and produced an original oeuvre in the field of decorative arts, going beyond the traditional modes of furniture analysis, which concentrate on style, history, and construction, to consider the perceptual and emotional responses through which the original users and viewers would have interacted with these material things. To this end he employs the interpretive methods used in the fields of literature, fine arts, philosophy and even psychology. Rich, fully illustrated, wondrously researched, and bound in a cover that imitates a typical Fancy pattern, "American Fancy" does its marvelous subject true.. Genre: nan.
Title: Earth Magic: A Book of Shadows for Positive Witches. Author: Marion Weinstein, Description: Marion Weinstein was one of the first witches to release a Book of Shadows to the public. Here is the revised and updated version of Earth Magic, the author's personal book of magical practice, made available for today's Witches. Based on an indepth study of the many facets of Witchcraft, Earth Magic presents the religion as positive and life-affirming.The book is filled with how-to's of a practical nature, as is traditional in Witchcraft. It is intended to be a springboard, to unlock the reader's psychic Wiccan abilities and guide them into the creation of their own unique and personal work. Every technique is explained in detail, in keeping with Weinstein's proviso that one should never attempt to work any magic unless one understands it fully. The goal is to encourage true Witchcraft expertise and creativity.,The information from the original edition is still available, as well as a treasure trove of new material, some of which has never been seen before. In this thoroughly revised edition, you will learn: ,-- How to set up psychic protection.,-- How to work string and cord magic.,-- Working with the phases of the Moon.,-- Forming and working with your own coven.,-- Visualization in a Witch's mode.,-- Choices of Deity alignments from a wide realm of cultures.,-- Not one, but two methods of Manifestation: Creation Manifestation and Affinity Manifestation.,-- Creating rituals, creating Words of Power, composing one's own spells, use of talismans, candles, pendulums, Witch's Bottles, scrying, oracles, and much more.. Genre: Religion,Wicca,Witchcraft,Spirituality,Nonfiction,Religion,Paganism,Religion,Occult,Fantasy,Magic,Religion,Goddess,Spirituality,New Age.
Title: Joseph Smith Begins His Work Book of Mormon 1830First Edition Reproduced from uncut sheets. Author: Wilford C. Wood, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: The Art of Love. Author: Ovid,David Malouf,James Michie, Description: nan. Genre: Poetry,Classics,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Romance,Literature,History,Literature,Ancient,History,Ancient History,Roman.
Title: Scripting the Black Masculine Body: Identity, Discourse, and Racial Politics in Popular Media. Author: Ronald Jackson II, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: A Narrative of the Proceedings of the Black People During the Late Awful Calamity in Philadelphia in the Year 1793. Author: Richard     Allen, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: The Transsexual Empire: The Making of the She-Male. Author: Janice G. Raymond, Description: Fifteen years ago, when it was first published, "The Transsexual Empire" challenged the medical psychiatric definition of transsexualism as a disease and sex conversion hormones and surgery as the cure. It exposed the antifeminist stereotyping that requires candidates for transsexual surgery to prove themselves by conforming to subjective, outdated and questionable feminine roles and "passing" as women. Then as now, defining and treating transsexualism as a medical problem prevents the person experiencing so-called gender dissatisfaction from seeing it in a gender-challenging or feminist framework. Transsexualism goes to the question of what gender is, how to challenge it, and what reinforces gender stereotyping in a role-defined society. In the new introduction to this feminist work, Raymond discusses how these same issues are now debated in the context of transgender. Transgenderism reduces gender resistance to wardrobes, hormones, surgery and posturing - anything but real sexual equality. It assimilates the roles and definitions of masculinity and femininity, often mixing and matching, but never really moving beyond both.,In a similar way, transsexualism is thought to be a radical challenge to gender roles, breaking the boundaries of gender and transgressing its rigid lines. But if the transsexual merely exchanges one gender role for another, and if the outcome of such a sex reassignment is to endorse a femininity which, in many transsexuals, becomes a caricature of much that feminists have rejected about many-made femininity, then where is the challenge, the transgression, and the breaking of any real boundaries? This book will be used as a text in women's studies, psychology, sociology, technology and public policy, as well as by medical students, law students, and all who have an interest in feminist issues.. Genre: Feminism,Nonfiction,Gender,GLBT,Queer,LGBT,LGBT,Transgender,Psychology,Philosophy,Politics,Social.
Title: Halo: Contact Harvest. Author: Joseph Staten, Description: This is how it began...,It is the year 2524. Harvest is a peaceful, prosperous farming colony on the very edge of human-controlled space. But we have trespassed on holy ground--strayed into the path of an aggressive alien empire known as the Covenant. What begins as a chance encounter between an alien privateer and a human freighter catapults mankind into a struggle for its very existence.,But humanity is also locked in a bitter civil war known as the Insurrection. So the survival of Harvest's citizens falls to a squad of battle-weary UNSC Marines and their inexperienced colonial militia trainees. In this unlikely group of heroes, one stands above the rest...a young Marine staff sergeant named Avery Johnson.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Games,Video Games,Sports and Games,Games,Fantasy,Science Fiction Fantasy,War,Military Fiction,Novels,Games,Gaming,Space,Space Opera.
Title: The Red Rose Girls: An Uncommon Story of Art and Love. Author: Alice A. Carter, Description: A beautiful art book and a richly illustrated biography, The Red Rose Girls is the story of three remarkable women artists--Jessie Willcox Smith, Elizabeth Shippen Green, and Violet Oakley--who captivated early-twentieth-century society with their brilliant careers and bohemian lifestyle. Nicknamed by their mentor, the famous illustrator Howard Pyle, The Red Rose Girls lived and worked at a picturesque former inn of the same name in an idyllic suburb on Philadelphia's Main Line. In the course of their years together they formed intimate bonds of friendship and love and enriched each other's professional lives by sharing ideas and inspiration. Smith and Green were prolific illustrators, celebrated for their work in children's books and periodicals such as Scribner's, Collier's, Harper's; and Oakley was a painter and muralist of national reputation whose work graces the interior of the Pennsylvania State Capitol in Harrisburg. Full-color illustrations and wonderful period photographs bring their work and milieu to life.. Genre: Art,Biography,Nonfiction,Art,Art History,History,Historical,Literature,19th Century,Feminism,Womens,LGBT.
Title: K: The Art of Love. Author: Hong Ying,Nicky Harman,Henry Zhao, Description: Set in 1930s China, this is a true but tragic tale of romance, sexual desire, and untimely death. Beautiful, intelligent, and schooled in the Daoist arts of love, Lin is married to a provincial university professor. Julian Bell, son of Vanessa Bell, and darling of the Bloomsbury set, has arrived in China, hungry for experience. Their mutual attraction leads to a passionate phy-sical and spiritual sojourn in Beijing. Unable to realize their love in a society divided by cultural conflict and the threat of war, they eventually part: Julian to fight for the Loyalists in Spain and Lin to contemplate suicide in her husband’s house.. Genre: Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Asian Literature,Chinese Literature,Cultural,China,Romance,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Literature,Asian Literature,Cultural,Asia,Contemporary.
Title: Ru 486: Misconceptions, Myths, and Morals. Author: Renate Klein,Janice G. Raymond,Lynette Dumble, Description: A classic text for health activists and feminists interested in the complexities of how drugs are developed, marketed, and sold to women around the world, this book reviews the unusual history of the French abortion pill RU 486. Critical of the positive claims made for RU 486, it argues that its promotion is filled with myths and misconceptions. The authors scrutinize the science and politics behind RU 486, examining how the pill benefits the medical profession, drug companies, and government health economies, while offering no advantage to women. Topics include the safety and effectiveness of RU 486, the dangerous effects of prostaglandins, and whether RU 486 privatizes and de-medicalizes abortion.. Genre: Feminism.
Title: A Passion for Friends: Toward a Philosophy of Female Affection. Author: Janice G. Raymond, Description: 'A Passion for Friends is not a sentimental hymn in praise of women together. It is a thoughtful, analytical, and critical examination of friendship...it provides a reference point for any continuing debate about women, the effective and affective uses of power and our relationships to each other.' -Belles Lettres. Genre: Feminism,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Feminism,Womens Studies,History.
Title: Christ Formed in You: The Power of the Gospel for Personal Change. Author: Brian G. Hedges,Donald S. Whitney, Description: Christ Formed in You is a book about spiritual formation, the "grace-driven developmental process in which the soul grows in conformity to the image of Christ." The acid test of all spiritual formation is this: Are you becoming more like Jesus? Are the contours of your character being shaped by his image, formed in his likeness? This ongoing transformation is possible for you. You can become more and more like Jesus Christ. But there is only one way: through your increasing understanding and application of the gospel. The goal of Christ Formed in You is to aid you in this process� "to help you discover new depths of joy in what God has accomplished through Christ and the Spirit to deliver you from both the guilt and the grip of sin.. Genre: Religion,Theology,Christian,Christian Living,Christian,Spirituality,Christianity,Discipleship,Psychology,Counselling.
Title: Urban Images Of The Hispanic World, 1493 1793. Author: Richard L. Kagan, Description: This engrossing book examines the particular importance of cities in Spanish and Hispanic-American culture as well as the different meanings that artists and cartographers invested in their depiction of New and Old World cities and towns. Kagan maintains that cities are both built structures and human communities, and that representations of the urban form reflect both points of view. He discusses the peculiar character of Spain's "empire of towns"; the history and development of the cityscape as an independent artistic genre, both in Europe and in the Americas; the interaction between European and native mapping traditions; differences between European maps of urban America and those produced by local residents, whether native or creole; and the urban iconography of four different New World towns. Lavishly illustrated with a variety of maps, pictures, and plans, many reproduced here for the first time, this interdisciplinary study will be of interest to general readers and to specialists in art history, cartography, history, urbanism, and related fields.. Genre: History.
Title: Spain in America: The Origins of Hispanism in the United States. Author: Richard L. Kagan, Description: Setting aside the pastiche of bullfighters and flamenco dancers that has dominated the U.S. image of Spain for more than a century, this innovative volume uncovers the roots of Spanish studies to explain why the diversity, vitality, and complexity of Spanish history and culture have been reduced in U.S. accounts to the equivalent of a tourist brochure.,  , Spurred by the complex colonial relations between the United States and Spain, the new field of Spanish studies offered a way for the young country to reflect a positive image of itself as a democracy, in contrast with perceived Spanish intolerance and closure. Spain in America investigates the political and historical forces behind this duality, surveying the work of the major nineteenth-century U.S. Hispanists in the fields of history, art history, literature, and music., A distinguished panel of contributors offers fresh examinations of the role of U.S. writers, especially Washington Irving and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, in crafting a wildly romantic vision of Spain.,  They examine the views of such scholars as William H. Prescott and George Ticknor, who contrasted the "failure" of Spanish history with U.S. exceptionalism. Other essays explore how U.S. interests in Latin America consistently colored its vision of Spain and how musicology in the United States, dominated by German émigrés, relegated Spanish music to little more than a footnote. Also included are profiles of the philanthropist Archer Mitchell Huntington and the pioneering art historians Georgiana Goddard King and Arthur Kingsley Porter, who spearheaded U.S. interest in the architecture and sculpture of medieval Spain.,  , Providing a much-needed look at the development and history of Hispanism, ,Spain in America, opens the way toward confronting and modifying reductive views of Spain that are frozen in another time.,  . Genre: nan.
Title: Big Country Volume One: Ride, You Tonto Raiders and War Party. Author: Louis L'Amour, Description: Louis LAmour said the West was no place for the frightened or the mean. It was a big country needing big men and women to live in it.. Genre: Westerns,Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Short Stories.
Title: I Want a Pony. Author: Jeanne Betancourt,Robert S.   Brown, Description: Lulu wants a pony. If only she had a pony, then staying with her grandmother while her father is away would not be so bad. If she had a pony, she could ride with Pam and Anna. And then they could be friends - ,Pony Pals,! ,When Lulu finds a pony in danger, she wants to help the wounded animal. Will she be able to save the beautiful pony?. Genre: Animals,Horses,Childrens,Animals,Fiction,Childrens,Chapter Books,Childrens,Middle Grade,Young Adult,Contemporary,Childrens,Juvenile,Kids.
Title: A Pony for Keeps. Author: Jeanne Betancourt,Robert S.   Brown, Description: Anna will lose her pony, Acorn, if her grades don't improve. The Pony Pals help each other in school and train their ponies to jump, canter, and follow instructions.. Genre: Animals,Horses,Childrens,Animals,Fiction,Kids,Childrens,Chapter Books,Childrens,Middle Grade,Contemporary,Young Adult,Animals,Animal Fiction.
Title: Pony-Sitters. Author: Jeanne Betancourt, Description: Do you love ponies? Be a Pony Pal!,Anna and her friends have a new job. When the Klines ask the Pony Pals to take care of Mimi and her new pony, Anna is so excited. Mimi is very cute and her pony is adorable!,But Mimi doesn't like doing pony chores and taking care of her pony. How can the Pony Pals teach her about riding and safety when she doesn't listen? Will Mimi be able to keep her new pony?. Genre: Animals,Horses,Animals,Childrens,Fiction,Realistic Fiction.
Title: The Winning Pony. Author: Jeanne Betancourt, Description: In this story about loyalty and sportsmanship, Pam's new riding teacher encourages her to participate in an upcoming horse show. But Pain has already promised her time, and her horse, to her own student on that day.. Genre: Animals,Horses,Childrens,Animals,Fiction.
Title: Zen and the Art of Falling in Love. Author: Brenda Shoshanna, Description: Perennially popular topics Zen and romance come together in this unique guide that reveals how to fall in love and stay that way.,We are meant to be in love. Love energizes our daily existence, heals the body and mind and makes every moment precious. So why aren't we in love all the time?, ,In ,Zen and the Art of Falling in Love,, psychologist, relationship expert and Zen practitioner Brenda Shoshanna shows readers how to rejuvenate their romantic lives by combining a psychological understanding of relationships with the way of Zen practice. The lessons provided by such practices as Taking Your Shoes Off (Becoming Available), Sitting on the Cushion (Meeting Yourself), Cleaning House (Emptying Yourself) and Receiving the Stick (Dealing with Blows) can offer new insight into the common problems of miscommunication, lies, betrayal, jealousy, insecurity, loss, and disappointment. Using the lessons of Zen practice, you can open your life to love, fall in love—and stay in love.. Genre: Nonfiction,Spirituality,Self Help,Religion,Buddhism,Buddhism,Zen,Relationships,Psychology,Philosophy,Inspirational.
Title: Unlucky Pony. Author: Jeanne Betancourt, Description: Eve needs help. Her pony is spoiled and hard to control. The Pony Pals are happy to train Lucky and teach Eve how to manage him, but it won't be an easy job! Will Eve have to give up her pony?. Genre: Animals,Horses,Childrens,Animals,Fiction.
Title: The Pony and the Bear. Author: Jeanne Betancourt, Description: Anna is on night watch during a Pony Pals campout. Suddenly she hears a rustling sound and her pony Acorn gets restless. Is it a bear -- or just Tommy and Mike playing tricks?. Genre: Animals,Horses,Childrens,Animals,Fiction.
Title: The Saddest Pony. Author: Jeanne Betancourt,Paul Bachem, Description: While out riding Lightning one day, Pam stops at a run-down farmhouse and meets an elderly couple and their old pony. In this touching story, the Pony Pals learn about helping others less fortunate through the shared love of a pony.. Genre: Animals,Horses,Animals,Childrens,Fiction.
Title: Nightwing: Love and Bullets. Author: Chuck Dixon,Scott McDaniel,Karl Story, Description: Growing up as Robin the Boy Wonder, Dick Grayson lived a lifetime in the shadow of Batman. Finally reaching adulthood, the former sidekick took the identity of Nightwing and began to forge his own destiny. Moving to neighboring Bludhaven, Dick established himself as the protector of a city steeped in crime and corruption. In NIGHTWING: LOVE AND BULLETS, Nightwing is joined in his mission to protect the streets by Nite-Wing, an inept vigilante inspired by Dick's heroics, the Huntress, his former love interest, and Robin, the latest protégé of Batman.,Collecting:, ,Nightwing, 1/2, 19, 21-22, 24-29.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Superheroes,Dc Comics,Dc Comics,Batman,Comics,Comic Book,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Superheroes,Fiction,Fantasy.
Title: Stolen Ponies. Author: Jeanne Betancourt,Vivien Kubbos, Description: One day while the Pony Pals are at their secret hideout they hear thunder and rain. Anna goes to check on the ponies and discovers that all three are missing!,The ponies may be in great danger! The Pony Pals are afraid for their ponies. Did they run away? But how could they untie their leads? Have they been stolen?. Genre: Fiction,Animals,Horses,Childrens,Animals,Childrens,Chapter Books,Mystery.
Title: The Pony and the Lost Swan. Author: Jeanne Betancourt, Description: After they see a mother swan and her three cygnets swimming in a local lake, the Pony Pals decide to clean up the trash around the lake to give the swans a better home.. Genre: Childrens,Animals,Horses,Animals,Fiction.
Title: Ponies from the Past. Author: Jeanne Betancourt,Paul Bachem, Description: Lulu and Snow White find a letter written in 1918 hidden in a jar. The letter is from one young girl to another, who both seem to like ponies as much as the Pony Pals. Lulu and her friends can't figure out why the two hid notes to stay in touch. The only way to find out is to ask them, but will they be able to find them? Illustrations.. Genre: Animals,Horses,Childrens,Fiction,Animals.
Title: The Magic Pony. Author: Jeanne Betancourt, Description: Anna stars in a play with Lulu's pony. But someone is trying to sabotage her! She may need a little magic and a lot of help from her own pony to learn her lines on time.,Anna is going to star in a play with Lulu's pony, Snow White.,But she's afraid she won't be able to learn her lines in time--especiallywith mean, phony Rema as her understudy. Rema keeps trying to sabotage Anna's rehearsal time so she can steal the show.. Genre: Animals,Horses,Childrens,Animals.
Title: Web Design on a Shoestring. Author: Carrie Bickner, Description: Providing do-it-yourself, budget-conscious ideas for web site design and development, this text includes tips and techniques, examining before and after shots of existing web sites.. Genre: Design,Website Design,Internet,Web.
Title: Medieval Art of Love: Objects and Subjects of Desire. Author: Michael Camille, Description: Romantic love is as old as time, but many of the symbols of love that we enjoy and use today - hearts and flowers, sentimental gifts and poems - were born in the medieval era, the age of chivalry. Here you can discover that courtly world through its exquisite paintings and illuminations, richly hued tapestries, and gilded jewels. The Medieval Art of Love is a delightful guide through the delicate expression of affection and passion that is the hallmark of the Middle Ages. A book to charm and intrigue every lover, this volume is also a thoughtful examination of the symbolism of love in medieval European art. Michael Camille explores the metaphoric and social settings of love and its myths and paradoxes.. Genre: Art,Art History,Art,History,Historical,Medieval,Nonfiction,History,Medieval History.
Title: The Glass Dog. Author: A.R. Jarvis, Description: A city-dwelling wizard who likes his privacy asks the local glassblower to make him a dog. Hilarity ensues.. Genre: Romance,M M Romance.
Title: The Luck Factor: Changing Your Luck, Changing Your Life - The Four  Essential Principles. Author: Richard Wiseman, Description: Is luck just fate, ,or can you change it? ,A groundbreaking new scientific study of the phenomenon of luck and the ways we can bring good luck into our lives. What is luck? A psychic gift or a question of intelligence? And what is it that lucky people have that unlucky people lack? Psychologist Dr. Richard Wiseman put luck under a scientific microscope for the very first time, examining the different ways in which lucky and unlucky people think and behave. After three years of intensive interviews and experiments with over 400 volunteers, Wiseman arrived at an astonishing conclusion: Luck is something that can be learned. It is available to anyone willing to pay attention to the Four Essential Principles:,     Creating Chance Opportunities ,     Thinking Lucky ,     Feeling Lucky ,     Denying Fate    ,Readers can determine their capacity for luck as well as learn to change their luck through helpful exercises that appear throughout the book. Illustrated with anecdotes from the lives of the famous such as Harry Truman and Warren Buffett, ,The Luck Factor, also richly portrays the lives of ordinary people who have been extraordinarily lucky or unlucky. Finally Dr. Wiseman gives us a look into The Luck School where he instructs unlucky people and also teaches lucky people how to further enhance their luck. ,Smart, enlightening, fun to read, and easy to follow, ,The Luck Factor, will give you revolutionary insight into the lucky mind and could, quite simply, change your life.,About the Author, ,Dr. Richard Wiseman heads a research unit within the psychology department at the University of Herfordshire in Britain and was recently given the prestigious CSICOP Public Education in Science Award. This is his first book.. Genre: Psychology,Nonfiction,Self Help,Science,Self Help,Personal Development,Business,Leadership,Business,Entrepreneurship,Philosophy,Audiobook.
Title: Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality. Author: Eliezer Yudkowsky, Description: Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality is a work of alternate-universe Harry Potter fan-fiction wherein Petunia Evans has married an Oxford biochemistry professor and young genius Harry grows up fascinated by science and science fiction. When he finds out that he is a wizard, he tries to apply scientific principles to his study of magic, with sometimes surprising results.. Genre: Fantasy,Fiction,Fan Fiction,Philosophy,Science Fiction,Young Adult,Humor,Fantasy,Magic,Unfinished,Adventure.
Title: Fairytales Slashed 2. Author: Megan Derr,Sasha L. Miller, Description: Stories in this compilation of fairytales are written by Megan Derr and Sasha Miller. In this second volume of fairytales, see what happens when magic is put to the best and worst of uses. ,In ,The Beast,, a beautiful but spoiled young man is attacked by a dark faerie seeking vengeance... vengeance that destroys the young man's world and leaves him hideously disfigured and afflicted by a terrible curse... ,The Wizard's Tower, is the story of a soldier who receives a letter informing him his brother has gone missing, one of many victims of an evil wizard. But when he arrives in the village where his brother lives, all that remains of the wizard is a lone tower and a strange young man... ,The Huntsman, faithfully serves his King, guarding the forest that surrounds and protects the castle. But the peace his kingdom has long enjoyed is shattered when the King returns home early with a new Queen on his arm, a woman of great beauty and terrible magic... ,Sleeping Beauty, tells the story of a poor, young teacher desperate to save his sister, the only family he has left. But her disease is rare, and the cure beyond their means and the only chance at saving her requires a terrible price.... Genre: Fantasy,Romance,M M Romance,Anthologies,Romance,Fantasy,Magic,Short Stories,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,M M Romance,M M Fantasy,LGBT,Gay,Fiction.
Title: India. Author: Sunita Apte, Description: - Clean new design for easy readability and comprehension,- Updated text presented in a lively, continuous narrative,- New center-spread sidebar feature presenting material in a fun, creative way,- Excellent age-appropriate introduction to curriculum-relevant subjects,- Important Words glossary clarifies subject-specific vocabulary,- Resources section encourages independent study,- Index makes navigating subject matter easy. Genre: Science,Geography,Nonfiction.
Title: Black Baby White Hands: A View from the Crib. Author: Jaiya John, Description: July 15, 1968. It is only three months following the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., and the nation is burning. Black and White America are locked in the tense grip of massive change. Into this inferno steps an unsuspecting young White couple. Neither had truly known even a single African American person while growing up. Now, a child will change all of that forever. In this fateful moment, a Black baby becomes perhaps the first in the history of New Mexico to be adopted by a White family. Here is a brazenly honest glimpse into the mind and heart of that child, a true story for the ages that flows like a soulful river-separated from his mother at birth, placed into foster care, adopted, and finally reunited with his biological family in adulthood-an astounding journey of personal discovery. Jaiya John has opened the floodgates on his own childhood with this piercing memoir. Black Baby White Hands, a waterfall of jazz splashing over the rocks of love, pain and the honoring of family. Magically, this book finds a way to sing as it cries, and to exude compassion even as it dispels well-entrenched myths. Destined to become a classic, this stirring account is sure to find itself well worn, stained by tears, and brushed by laughter in the lap of parents, adolescents, educators, students, and professionals. Here comes the rain and the sunshine, all at once.. Genre: Parenting,Adoption,Nonfiction,Parenting,Autobiography,Memoir,Cultural,African American.
Title: The 21 Most Powerful Minutes in a Leader's Day: Revitalize Your Spirit and Empower Your Leadership. Author: John C. Maxwell, Description: In the spirit of his best-selling ,The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership, and ,The 21 Indispensable Qualities of a Leader,, John Maxwell offers thoughts on proven leadership qualities and crucial issues that affect leadership success. These basic principles of success can be applied to business and private life, helping anyone reach their full potential. Twenty-one powerful statements help leaders maximize their assets and overcome their weaknesses, encouraging them to lead with their hearts as well as their minds. Daily readings include sections which help readers integrate and apply each day's material.. Genre: Leadership,Business,Self Help,Nonfiction,Christian,Self Help,Personal Development,Business,Management,Audiobook,Religion,Christianity.
Title: Quicken 2011 for Dummies. Author: Stephen L. Nelson, Description: The classic guide to the leading personal finance software--completely updated!, As the number one personal finance software on the market, Quicken empowers you to take control of your personal finances quickly and effortlessly. Providing you with a thorough update of all the latest features and enhancements to the new release of Quicken 2011, Stephen Nelson shows you how to track your day-to-day finances, better manage your investments, evaluate the tax implications of your financial decisions, and much more.,Veteran author Stephen Nelson provides a thorough update to his classic bestseller on the number one personal financial management planning program Shows you how to track your day-to-day finances, better manage your investments, boost your personal savings, be more responsible with your spending, tackle debt, and more Presents a fun and friendly approach to a topic that many people find intimidating or overwhelming and quickly and easily helps you take control of your personal finances Whether you're a first-time Quicken customer or looking to take advantage of the updates the latest release has to offer, ,Quicken 2011 For Dummies, offers a straightforward-but-fun approach to this popular personal finance software.. Genre: nan.
Title: What Is Biodynamics?: A Way to Heal and Revitalize the Earth. Author: Rudolf Steiner, Description: 7 selected lectures by Rudolf Steiner,In 1924--in response to questions about the depletion of soils and a general deterioration of crops and livestock--Rudolf Steiner gave eight lectures on "the spiritual foundations for a renewal of agriculture." Based on his suggestions and spiritual science, generations of farmers, gardeners, viticulturist, and researchers developed biodynamics as a healing, nurturing, holistic, ecological, organic, and spiritual approach to a sustainable care of the Earth.,Biodynamic methods consider the farm or garden to be a self-contained organism, embedded in the living landscape of the Earth, which is in turn part of a living, dynamic cosmos of vital, spiritual energies. The aim is to increase the health and vitality of the whole, including the farmer or gardener. The biodynamic practitioner follows an alchemical, transformative path of working with the Earth through the nine "homeopathic" preparations created by Steiner.,What Is Biodynamics?, collects seven seminal lectures--four on developing a spiritual perception of nature and three from his ,   ,Agriculture Course, , , dealing with the preparations. Hugh Courtney of the Josephine Porter Institute for Applied Biodynamics contributes an informative, passionate, and visionary introduction.,Whether you are concerned with the quality of agriculture and gardening in particular or have a broader interest in the ecological crises facing us today, this book offers a transformative approach that can truly change the way we live together on Earth.,C O N T E N T S,"That the Earth May Be Healed" ,An Introduction to Biodynamic Agriculture, by Hugh Courtney,1. Spiritual Beings 1,2. Spiritual Beings 2,3. Elementals 1,4. Elementals 2,5. Agriculture 1,6. Agriculture 2,7. Agriculture 3,Further Reading. Genre: Science,Agriculture,Environment,Sustainability,Nonfiction,Philosophy.
Title: Tee. Author: Christian Zellweger, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: Gatecrashing. Author: Rob Boyle,Brian Cross,J.M. Hardy,Olivia Hill,Ken Horner,Evan Jamieson,James Knevitt,T.S. Luikart,Phil Masters,Steven Mohan,Malcolm Sheppard,John Snead,Tobias Wolter,Michelle Lyons, Description: Gatecrashing for Eclipse Phase takes you through the mysterious Pandora Gates: The 5 solar system gates and the factions that control them 30 extrasolar locations of interest to Firewall Exploration operations and hazards New morphs, new gear, and rules for gate use. Genre: Games,Role Playing Games,Science Fiction,Games,Gaming,Sports and Games,Games,Horror.
Title: CthulhuTech Vade Mecum. Author: Sandstorm Productions, Description: nan. Genre: Games,Role Playing Games.
Title: Love's Silver Web. Author: Nicole Monet, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: The Sentimental Bloke. Author: C.J. Dennis, Description: The book has no illustrations or index. Purchasers are entitled to a free trial membership in the General Books Club where they can select from more than a million books without charge. ,Subjects: Australian poetry; Poetry, Australian; Poetry / General; Poetry / English, Irish, Scottish, Welsh; Literary Criticism / Poetry; Poetry / General; Poetry / American / General; Poetry / English, Irish, Scottish, Welsh; Poetry / Australian. Genre: Poetry,Cultural,Australia,Humor,Fiction,Literature,20th Century.
Title: The End of the Bronze Age: Changes in Warfare and the Catastrophe ca. 1200 B.C.. Author: Robert Drews, Description: The Bronze Age came to a close early in the twelfth century b.c. with one of the worst calamities in history: over a period of several decades, destruction descended upon key cities throughout the Eastern Mediterranean, bringing to an end the Levantine, Hittite, Trojan, and Mycenaean kingdoms and plunging some lands into a dark age that would last more than four hundred years. In his attempt to account for this destruction, Robert Drews rejects the traditional explanations and proposes a military one instead.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,History,Ancient History,War,Literature,Ancient,History,Archaeology,Classics,War,Military Fiction,Cultural,Greece,Reference,Research.
Title: Minoans: Life in Bronze Age Crete. Author: Rodney Castleden, Description: Thoroughly researched, Rodney Castleden's ,Minoans: Life in Bronze Age Crete ,here sues the results of recent research to produce a comprehensive new vision of the peoples of Minoan Crete.,Since Sir Arthur Evans rediscovered the Minoans in the early 1900s, we have defined a series of cultural traits that make the Minoan personality: elegant, graceful and sophisticated, these nature lovers lived in harmony with their neighbours, while their fleets ruled the seas around Crete. This, at least, is the popular view of the Minoans. But how far does the later work of archaeologists in Crete support this view?,Drawing on his experience of being actively involved in research on landscapes processes and prehistory for the last twenty years, Castleden writes clearly and accessibly to provide a text essential to the study of this fascinating subject.,". Genre: History,Nonfiction,History,Archaeology.
Title: The Aegean Bronze Age. Author: Oliver Dickinson, Description: Oliver Dickinson has written a scholarly, accessible and up-to-date introduction to the prehistoric civilizations of Greece. The Aegean Bronze Age saw the rise and fall of the Minoan and Mycenaean civilizations. The cultural history of the region emerges through a series of thematic chapters that treat settlement, economy, crafts, exchange and foreign contact, and religion and burial customs. Students and teachers will welcome this book, but it will also provide the ideal companion for amateur archaeologists visiting the Aegean.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,History,Archaeology,Classics.
Title: Open Me...I'm a Dog!. Author: Art Spiegelman, Description: Through the magic of words and pictures leaps a book that's not only playful as a puppy - it IS a puppy! Honest.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Animals,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Fiction,Young Adult,Art,Graphic Novels Comics,Animals,Dogs.
Title: Fern Finder: A Guide to Native Ferns of Central and Northeastern United States and Eastern Canada. Author: Barbara Hallowell,Barbara Hallowell, Description: A pocket guide to identifying native ferns that grow in the U.S. Midwest and Northeast, and eastern Canada. Like other plant guides in the "Finders" series, "Fern Finder" is a dichotomous key, which leads the user step-by-step through a series of choices to the species being identified. Heavily illustrated with line drawings.. Genre: Reference,Environment,Nature,Reference,Field Guides.
Title: The Blood of Ten Chiefs. Author: Richard Pini,Robert Lynn Asprin,Lynn Abbey,Mark C. Perry,C.J. Cherryh,Janny Wurts,Allen L. Wold,Nancy Springer,Diana L. Paxson,Diane Carey, Description: The Blood of Ten Chiefs, tells the story of the previous chieftains of the Wolfrider Clan. Genre: Fantasy,Short Stories,Fiction,Anthologies,Science Fiction Fantasy,Sequential Art,Comics,Science Fiction,Fantasy,High Fantasy,Adventure,Fantasy,Elves.
Title: Flying Home and Other Stories. Author: Ralph Ellison,John F. Callahan, Description: Written between 1937 and 1954 and now available in paperback for the first time, these thirteen stories are a potent distillation of the genius of Ralph Ellison. Six of them remained unpublished during Ellison's lifetime and were discovered among the author's effects in a folder labeled "Early Stories." But they all bear the hallmarks--the thematic reach, musically layered voices, and sheer ebullience--that Ellison would bring to his classic ,Invisible Man,.,The tales in ,Flying Home, range in setting from the Jim Crow South to a Harlem bingo parlor, from the hobo jungles of the Great Depression to Wales during the Second World War. By turns lyrical, scathing, touching, and transcendently wise, ,Flying Home and Other Stories, is a historic volume, an extravagant last bequest from a giant of our literature.. Genre: Short Stories,Fiction,Cultural,African American,Literature,American,Classics,Literature,American,African American Literature,Writing,Essays,Race,Anthologies.
Title: Jazz Country: Ralph Ellison in America. Author: Horace A. Porter, Description: The first book to reassess Ralph Ellison after his death and the posthumous publication of Juneteenth, his second novel, Jazz Country: Ralph Ellison in America explores Ellison's writings and views on American culture through the lens of jazz music.. Genre: Music,Jazz.
Title: Kosingas - Red Zmaja. Author: Aleksandar Tešić, Description: Knjiga koja slobodno može da se nazove srpskom verzijom „Gospodara prstenova”. Monah Gavrilo, odnosno kosingas, vitez reda Zmaja, upoznaje Marka Kraljevića i sa njim kreće u pohod po Srbiji. Prvi zadatak im je da savladaju aždaju na Jezeru lutajućeg ostrva i tako osvoje kasnije toliko čuven Markov buzdovan. Dvojica junaka nailaze na sela u kojima se praktikuju običaji koji često nisu ni najmanje lepi niti humani, susreću se sa različitim mitološkim bićima, od kojih većina nije bezazlena, ali stiču i sjajne neobične prijatelje. Druženje koje za cilj između ostalog ima i to da neustrašivi Gavrilo pripremi Marka da postane kosingas. ,Prava avantura sa mitskim prizvukom koja nas goni da sve brže okrećemo njene stranice, a takođe uživamo i u sjajnim ilustracijama iz Gavrilove beležnice. Čitajući ovu neobičnu knjigu otkrivamo mnogo toga o prošlosti srpskog naroda, ali i o slovenskim božanstvima, o tome kako je hrišćanstvo prodiralo na ove prostore i sa kakvim se verovanjima sudaralo. Srpska mitologija u malom u kojoj mogu da uživaju svi od sedam do 77 godina.. Genre: Fantasy,Fantasy,Epic Fantasy,Historical,Historical Fiction,Fantasy,Mythology,European Literature,Serbian Literature.
Title: Blood of the Reich. Author: William  Dietrich, Description: At the height of WWII, a quartet of daring American adventurers pits their cunning against a cadre of Nazi S.S. agents seeking to acquire a powerful weapon for the Fuhrer’s arsenal; today, as the Nazi specter begins to rear its head once again, the descendants of those long-ago adventurers must unlock the secrets of their forebears’ mission in order to save the world from Hitler’s resurgent Reich. Now, modern science and ancient Tibetan mythology surround a daring zoologist and a beautiful aviatrix who are all that stand between the Nazis and world domination in ,New York Times ,bestselling author William Dietrich’s ,Blood of the Reich,, a knockout stand-alone novel perfect for fans of Ken Follett, Frederick Forsyth, and Brad Thor.. Genre: Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Thriller,War,World War II,Adventure,German History,Nazi Party,Cultural,Germany,Spy Thriller,Espionage,Science Fiction,Historical.
Title: Mad Game : The NBA Education of Kobe Bryant. Author: Roland Lazenby, Description: When Kobe Bryant joined the glitzy Los Angeles Lakers in 1996 right out of high school, he faced a wave of media hype that declared him the next Michael Jordan. Now a veteran of five NBA seasons at the age of 23, Bryant has earned a place among pro basketball's elite.,Mad Game documents his hard lessons on the road to stardom, his rapid rise through the NBA, and his conflicts with--and, at times, alienation from--his teammates, including his on-and-off-again relationship with Shaquille O'Neal. This is a story of triumph, of an unusually gifted young athlete trying to remain true to himself and his game.. Genre: Sports,Sports,Sports,Basketball,Biography.
Title: Ain't No Tomorrow. Author: Elizabeth Kaye, Description: An all-access look at the Lakers' championship season. . "Elizabeth Kaye is a wonderful writer--as a reporter she's like a bulldog--she grabs onto you and doesn't let go until she figures out everything about you. Throughout "Ain't No Tomorrow," she discovers and explains the game of basketball in a way that no one ever has. She takes the reader through the mental preparation, coaching strategies, and personal struggles of players--who are part Rocky and part Rambo. If you like to read, you'll love "Ain't No Tomorrow,"",--Sylvester Stallone. .,At the start of the 2000 NBA playoffs, the famously underachieving Los Angeles Lakers found themselves the focus of national attention. The team that had limped along since the golden era of Magic Johnson was now endowed with basketball's two most gifted and dominant players, Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant, and was led by none other than Phil Jackson, the most fabled coach in the NBA. By the time the Lakers beat Indiana in game six of the championship series, they showed themselves unstoppable, a team above and apart and blessed with a glamour and facility that made them the obvious franchise to lead pro basketball into the new millennium.. .,Then everything began to fall apart. Jackson had warned his team that the truly challenging season is the one "after "an initial big win, and his words were quickly becoming reality as the great team slipped into profound disarray at the start of the new season. "Ain't No Tomorrow "is an intimate look at the astonishing eight-month roller-coaster ride that became the Lakers' 2000-2001 season: a time of tumult and drama when impulses toward brotherhood and unity dissolved into petty, uglybattles and bruised egos; when men who previously rose to a great challenge grew greedy and slack.. .,Combining brilliant reporting and original perspective, Elizabeth Kaye--a journalist granted special access to Jackson, Shaq, Kobe, and other major players--takes you into the minds and hearts of the team members. She chronicles the unique story of a team that ultimately righted itself, united, and found its way to a second championship title--but only after an extraordinary season in which exciting sports drama becomes human drama at its most compelling and complex... Genre: Sports,Sports,Sports,Basketball.
Title: Celtic Lore. Author: Ward Rutherford, Description: The Celts have been described as the 'founders of modern Europe'. This book shows how their views on, for example, consultative democracy, environmental issues and women's rights are echoed in contemporary policies, and how they are continuing to shape our political and religious ideas.,The Druids were the guardians of the Celtic tradition. They cultivated the art of memory to ensure that the stories were passed on to the following generation. all our public holidays correspond with Druidic celebrations and their mythology underlies countless superstitions, customs and folk festivals. Ward Rutherford re-examines Druidism, incorporating new and extensive research into their arcane wisdom. He investigates the origins and significance of the Arthurian myths to gaina more profound understanding of the Celtic nation and the influence of their ideas on the present day.. Genre: Nonfiction,Fantasy,Mythology,History,Religion,Paganism,Religion.
Title: The Queen's People: A Study of Hegemony, Coercion, and Accommodation Among the Okanagan of Canada. Author: Peter Carstens, Description: An analysis of the realities of everyday life for Okanagan Indians on a reserve near Vernon. Carstens applies the peasant model to the study of reserve systems and finds significant correlations. Questions of class, status, power, and institutionalized inequality also come into play.. Genre: nan.
Title: Trading Twelves: The Selected Letters of Ralph Ellison and Albert Murray. Author: Ralph Ellison,Albert Murray,John F. Callahan, Description: This absorbing collection of letters spans a decade in the lifelong friendship of two remarkable writers who engaged the subjects of literature, race, and identity with deep clarity and passion.,The correspondence begins in 1950 when Ellison is living in New York City, hard at work on his enduring masterpiece, ,Invisible Man,, and Murray is a professor at Tuskegee Institute in Alabama. Mirroring a jam session in which two jazz musicians "trade twelves"—each improvising twelve bars of music around the same musical idea-their lively dialog centers upon their respective writing, the jazz they both love so well, on travel, family, the work literary contemporaries (including Richard Wright, James Baldwin, William Faulkner and Ernest Hemingway) and the challenge of racial inclusiveness that they wish to pose to America through their craft. Infused with warmth, humor, and great erudition, ,Trading Twelves, ,offers a glimpse into literary history in the making—and into a powerful and enduring friendship.. Genre: Nonfiction,Literature,Music,Jazz,Cultural,African American.
Title: The Real Mother Goose. Author: Blanche Fisher Wright, Description: For nearly a century, The Real Mother Goose has delighted young children!,For more than seventy-five years THE REAL MOTHER GOOSE has been delighting millions of children, and today the magic is as strong as ever. Heralded as the "standard" Mother Goose by parents, grandparents, teachers, and librarians, this wonderful book with Blanche Fisher Wright's lively, colorful pictures makes an enchanting introduction for the very young.Mother Goose rhymes are a vital part of childhood. And this collection of essential rhymes have been reproduced exactly as they have been repeated from generation to generation.. Genre: Childrens,Poetry,Childrens,Picture Books,Classics,Fiction,Childrens,Nursery Rhymes,Fantasy,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Kids,Young Adult.
Title: A Circle of Sisters: Alice Kipling, Georgiana Burne Jones, Agnes Poynter, and Louisa Baldwin. Author: Judith Flanders, Description: THE MACDONALD SISTERS--Alice, Georgiana, Agnes, and Louisa--started life in the teeming ranks of the lower-middle classes, denied the advantages of education and the expectation of social advancement. Yet as wives and mothers they would connect a famous painter, a president of the Royal Academy, a prime minister, and the uncrowned poet laureate of the Empire. Georgiana and Alice married, respectively, the pre-Raphaelite painter Edward Burne-Jones and the arts administrator Edward Poynter; Louisa gave birth to future prime minister Stanley Baldwin, and Alice was mother to Rudyard Kipling. "A Circle of Sisters brings to life four women living at a privileged moment in history. Their progress from obscurity to imperial grandeur indicates the vitality of nineteenth-century Britain: a society abundant with possibility. From their homes in India, America, and England, the sisters formed a network that, through the triumphs and tragedies of their families and the Empire, uniquely endured.. Genre: Biography,History,Nonfiction,Historical,Victorian,Art,Biography Memoir,Art,Art History,Literature,19th Century,European Literature,British Literature,Family.
Title: The Dividend Growth Investment Strategy: How to Keep Your Retirement Income Doubling Every Five Years. Author: RoxAnn Klugman, Description: In 1944 Anne Scheiber, a lifelong federal employee whose income never surpassed $3,150 a year -- yes, the figure is correct! -- invested $5,000 in blue-chip stocks. When she died in 1995 her stocks were worth $22 million -- that figure is also correct! -- and she was receiving an annual income of over $1 million in dividends from them. The Dividend Growth Investment Strategy tells how she did it and how others can invest long-term in stock for retirement income.Over half of all Americans have money in the stock market, most of it in mutual funds. But most mutual funds underperform the stock market, and they are taxed. The taxes and fees destroy compounding of investments and diminish the retirement nest egg. Anne Scheiber's method, the Dividend Growth Investment Strategy (DGIS), beats the mutual fund in returns fivefold after thirty years, though both approaches achieve 14 percent annual growth.,This book examines and compares the various investment strategies of stocks, bonds, and mutual funds and shows in hard figures why DGIS is the better investment strategy. The DGIS maximizes growth of the nest egg while producing income that doubles every five years. It also minimizes anxiety over market downturns and inflation because investors can ride the market "roller coaster" by keeping their capital growing, while riding the stock market "escalator" through dividend growth returns, all the while avoiding taxes on their dividends.,To help the investor choose stocks, company fundamentals are discussed along with suggestions on how to research them and what materials to use.. Genre: Economics,Finance,Finance,Personal Finance.
Title: The Single Best Investment: Creating Wealth with Dividend Growth. Author: Lowell Miller, Description: This witty guide advises readers to stop playing the stock market or listening to television gurus and instead put their money into dividend-paying, moderate-growth companies that offer consistent returns and minimum risk. Citing statistics that show companies initiating and raising dividends at the fastest rate in 30 years, this analysis declares once-stodgy dividends to be "the next new thing" and provides simple rules for choosing the best stocks, using traditional evaluation tools, reinvesting dividends, comparing stocks and bonds, and building a portfolio. Technical aspects of the stock market are explained in the final pages that include two new chapters and revised statistics as well as academic studies, historic back-tests, examples of real-time performance, and a list of resources for further research.. Genre: Economics,Finance,Business,Finance,Personal Finance,Nonfiction,Currency,Money.
Title: Nuthin' But a "G" Thang: The Culture and Commerce of Gangsta Rap. Author: Eithne Quinn, Description: In the late 1980s, gangsta rap music emerged in urban America, giving voice to--and making money for--a social group widely considered to be in crisis: young, poor, black men. From its local origins, gangsta rap went on to flood the mainstream, generating enormous popularity and profits. Yet the highly charged lyrics, public battles, and hard, fast lifestyles that characterize the genre have incited the anger of many public figures and proponents of "family values." Constantly engaging questions of black identity and race relations, poverty and wealth, gangsta rap represents one of the most profound influences on pop culture in the last thirty years.,Focusing on the artists Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, the Geto Boys, Snoop Dogg, and Tupac Shakur, Quinn explores the origins, development, and immense appeal of gangsta rap. Including detailed readings in urban geography, neoconservative politics, subcultural formations, black cultural debates, and music industry conditions, this book explains how and why this music genre emerged. In ,Nuthin'but a "G" Thang,, Quinn argues that gangsta rap both reflected and reinforced the decline in black protest culture and the great rise in individualist and entrepreneurial thinking that took place in the U.S. after the 1970s. Uncovering gangsta rap's deep roots in black working-class expressive culture, she stresses the music's aesthetic pleasures and complexities that have often been ignored in critical accounts.. Genre: Music,Music,Hip Hop.
Title: Star of Damocles. Author: Andy Hoare, Description: Rogue trader patriarch Lucian Gerrit and his family get swept up in an Imperial Crusade to track down and exterminate the alien tau. Having crossed the desolate area of space known as the Damocles Gulf, the fleet arrives on the borders of the tau empire. Can Gerrit's resourcefulness save the day when the Imperial forces find themselves outnumbered and outgunned, thousands of light years from home?. Genre: 40k,Science Fiction,Fiction.
Title: Rogue Star. Author: Andy Hoare, Description: Rogue trader patriarch Lucian Gerrit makes one last desperate deal to salvage his family's fortunes. But when he throws in his lot with a corrupt Imperial commander, he and his family soon find themselves embroiled in a very dirty war indeed.. Genre: 40k,Science Fiction,Fiction.
Title: Twisted: Tales from the Wacky Side. Author: Bob Fenster, Description: Telling hundreds of true stories about the weird and wacky stuff that happens when people operate outside of the box, author Bob Fenster proves that life is funny when you least expect it but need it the most.. Genre: Reference,Trivia,History,Nonfiction,Humor.
Title: My Place. Author: Nadia Wheatley,Donna Rawlins, Description: Starting in 1988 and going back 200 years, we are told the history of Australia by being told the history of one particular place, told by the generations of children who have lived in that one spot. Winner of Australia's Book of the Year 1988. Full-colour illustrations.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Historical,Historical Fiction,Childrens,Cultural,Australia,Fiction,Historical,Classics,Science,Geography,Teaching,Academic,Read For School.
Title: RRRalph. Author: Lois Ehlert, Description: Would you believe that Ralph the dog can talk? ,Yip, yip, yip,--it's true! ,With bestselling author Lois Ehlert's simple, funny, call-and-response text and bold, playful collage illustrations, this fresh, young book is sure to get little ones laughing (and talking to their dogs!). Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Animals,Dogs,Childrens,Storytime,Childrens,Animals,Humor,Fiction,Art,Childrens,2nd Grade,Childrens,1st Grade.
Title: The New Harvest: Agricultural Innovation in Africa. Author: Calestous Juma, Description: African agriculture is currently at a crossroads, at which persistent food shortages are compounded by threats from climate change. But, as this book argues, Africa faces three major opportunities that can transform its agriculture into a force for economic growth: advances in science and technology; the creation of regional markets; and the emergence of a new crop of entrepreneurial leaders dedicated to the continent's economic improvement.,Filled with case studies from within Africa and success stories from developing nations around the world, ,The New Harvest, outlines the policies and institutional changes necessary to promote agricultural innovation across the African continent. Incorporating research from academia, government, civil society, and private industry, the book suggests multiple ways that individual African countries can work together at the regional level to develop local knowledge and resources, harness technological innovation, encourage entrepreneurship, increase agricultural output, create markets, and improve infrastructure.. Genre: Cultural,Africa,Science,Agriculture,Food and Drink,Food,Science.
Title: Prayer On Fire: What Happens When the Holy Spirit Ignites Your Prayers. Author: Fred A. Hartley,Timothy Penland, Description: Prayer On Fire is what happens when your initiative to meet with God in prayer connects with His desire to meet you. Learn the biblical steps to take to experience the reality of the Holy Spirit's presence in your daily prayer life.. Genre: Prayer,Religion.
Title: Deadball Stars of the American League. Author: David      Jones, Description: Three years after the release of the first volume of the series, "Deadball Stars of the National League," the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR) and Potomac Books are publishing its companion volume. Return to the period when inside baseball meant a game of bunting, stealing, and using a sodden, tobacco-stained ball few players could hit out of the oddly configured urban ballparks of another age. Where the initial volume introduced readers to one of the most colorful and important periods in baseball history, this volume explores the lives and performances of the stars, regulars, and major figures in the upstart junior circuit.Guided by expert contributors from SABR, fans will learn about the eight teams that banded together to challenge the National League and become the second major league. Readers will learn about the great team that Connie Mack built in Philadelphia and about the famed outfield duo of Ty Cobb and Sam Crawford in Detroit. They will also read the stories of the players who won the World Series in Chicago in 1917 before they became infamous as the Black Sox in the 1919 Series. Lavishly illustrated, "Deadball Stars of the American League" features more than 200 photographs and the autographs of all of the players profiled. It is a unique resource for a defining era of baseball history.. Genre: Sports,Baseball,Sports,Sports,History.
Title: Come Juneteenth. Author: Ann Rinaldi, Description: Sis Goose is a beloved member of Luli's family, despite the fact that she was born a slave. But the family is harboring a terrible secret. And when Union soldiers arrive on their Texas plantation to announce that slaves have been declared free for nearly two years, Sis Goose is horrified to learn that the people she called family have lied to her for so long. She runs away--but her newly found freedom has tragic consequences., ,How could the state of Texas keep the news of the Emancipation Proclamation from reaching slaves? In this riveting Great Episodes historical drama, Ann Rinaldi sheds light on the events that led to the creation of Juneteenth, a celebration of freedom that continues today. ,   ,Includes an author's note., . Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Young Adult,Fiction,Historical,Military History,Civil War,Childrens,Middle Grade,Literature,19th Century,North American Hi...,American History,Childrens,Realistic Fiction.
Title: Alting har sin pris. Author: Lotte Hammer,Søren Hammer, Description: På den grønlandske indlandsis finder en miljødelegation et over femogtyve år gammelt lig af en yngre kvinde. Konrad Simonsen bliver sendt af sted til Grønland for at rede trådene ud.,Kvinden er blevet myrdet - og det på en måde, der vækker onde minder om en gammel sag hos Simonsen. Både offer og metode er slående ens, og Simonsen må sande, at den tidligere hovedmistænkte nu er renset for enhver mistanke - vel at mærke ti år efter, at han begik selvmord netop som politiet skulle til at anholde ham. Sammenfaldene mellem de to mord får Simonsen og hans hold til at lede efter flere lignende tilfælde, og det står hurtigt klart for dem, at sagens omfang er langt større, end de frygtede. Samtidig er der ualmindelig stor interesse for sagen fra allerøverste hold i Statsministeriet.,Alting har sin pris er andet bind i søskendeparret Hammers krimiserie med chefkriminalinspektør Konrad Simonsen og hans team fra drabsafdelingen.. Genre: Mystery,Crime,Mystery,Thriller,Fiction,European Literature,Scandinavian Literature,Scandinavian Lite...,Nordic Noir,Cultural,Denmark,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,European Literature,Danish,Suspense.
Title: Bone Marrow Nei Kung: Taoist Techniques for Rejuvenating the Blood and Bone. Author: Mantak Chia, Description: A guide to nourishing the body through bone marrow rejuvenation exercises ,• Presents exercises to “regrow” bone marrow, revive the internal organs, and prevent osteoporosis ,• Explains the use of bone breathing and bone compression, “hitting” to detoxify the body, and sexual energy massage and chi weight lifting to enhance the life force within ,Most Westerners believe that a daily physical exercise program helps slow the aging process. Yet those whose bodies appear most physically fit on the outside often enjoy only the same life span as the average nonathletic person. It is the internal organs and glands that nourish every function of the body, and it is the bone marrow that nourishes and rejuvenates the organs and glands through the production of blood. By focusing only on the muscles without cultivating the internal organs, bones, and blood, the Western fitness regimen can ultimately exhaust the internal system. ,In ,Bone Marrow Nei Kung, Master Mantak Chia reveals the ancient mental and physical Taoist techniques used to “regrow” bone marrow, strengthen the bones, and rejuvenate the organs and glands. An advanced practice of Iron Shirt Chi Kung, Bone Marrow Nei Kung was developed as a way to attain the “steel body” coveted in the fields of Chinese medicine and martial arts. This method of absorbing energy into the bones revives the bone marrow and reverses the effects of aging through the techniques of bone breathing, bone compression, and sexual energy massage, which stimulates the hormonal production that helps prevent osteoporosis. Also included is extensive information on chi weight lifting and the practice of “hitting” to detoxify the body.. Genre: Combat,Martial Arts,Religion,Taoism,Spirituality.
Title: Just a Little Bit. Author: Ann Tompert,Lynn Munsinger, Description: When an elephant and a mouse try to play on a seesaw, they need help from a vast number of animal friends to balance the scales.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Science,Mathematics,Animals,Childrens,Childrens,Storytime,Fiction,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: Marrow. Author: Robert Reed, Description: The Ship has traveled the universe for longer than any of the near-immortal crew can recall, its true purpose and origins unknown. It is larger than many planets, housing thousands of alien races and just as many secrets.,Now one of those secrets has been discovered: at the center of the Ship is . . . a planet. Marrow. But when a team of the Ship's best and brightest are sent down to investigate, will they return with the origins of the Ship--or will they bring doom to everyone on board?,Robert Reed, whose fantastic stories have been filling all the major SF magazines for the past several years, spins a captivating tale of adventure and wonder on an incredible scale in this novel based on his acclaimed novella.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Space,Space Opera,Mystery,Science Fiction Fantasy,Space,Science Fiction,Dystopia,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Aliens,Speculative Fiction.
Title: All Is Bright. Author: Sarah Pekkanen, Description: AN ORIGINAL SHORT STORY FROM THE ACCLAIMED AUTHOR OF THE NOVELS THE OPPOSITE OF ME AND THE UPCOMING SKIPPING A BEAT . . . ,Thirty-year-old Elise Andrews couldn’t bring herself to marry Griffin, her childhood friend turned sweetheart, so she let him walk away. Eight months after their breakup, she arrives in her hometown of Chicago on Christmas Eve and hears a voice from the past calling her name in the grocery store. It’s Griffin’s mother, Janice, who invites Elise over for a neighborhood gathering of eggnog and carols. ,Walking into Janice’s house sends Elise tumbling headlong into memories of her relationship with Griffin—and with Janice, who exudes the kind of warmth Elise ached for after her own mom passed away when she was six. But Griffin has moved on, and suddenly Elise doubts her decision to give him up and lose her chance at being folded into his wonderful family. Confused and reeling, she goes in search of an answer to a universal question: How do we say good-bye to people we’ve loved without losing everything they’ve meant to us? ,Heartwarming and witty, All Is Bright is a charming story about coming home for the holidays—and finding gifts in the most unexpected of places.. Genre: Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Romance,Holiday,Christmas,Short Stories,Fiction,Holiday,Contemporary,Novella,Womens Fiction,Adult.
Title: The End of the World: Stories of the Apocalypse. Author: Martin H. Greenberg,Neil Gaiman,George R.R. Martin,Lucius Shepard,Robert Sheckley,Norman Spinrad,Arthur C. Clarke,Lester del Rey,Robert Silverberg, Description: Before ,The Road, by Cormac McCarthy brought apocalyptic fiction into the mainstream, there was science fiction. No longer relegated to the fringes of literature, this explosive collection of the world’s best apocalyptic writers brings the inventors of alien invasions, devastating meteors, doomsday scenarios, and all-out nuclear war back to the bookstores with a bang.,The best writers of the early 1900s were the first to flood New York with tidal waves, destroy Illinois with alien invaders, paralyze Washington with meteors, and lay waste to the Midwest with nuclear fallout. Now collected for the first time ever in one apocalyptic volume are those early doomsday writers and their contemporaries, including Neil Gaiman, Orson Scott Card, Lucius Shepard, Robert Sheckley, Norman Spinrad, Arthur C. Clarke, William F. Nolan, Poul Anderson, Fredric Brown, Lester del Rey, and more. Relive these childhood classics or discover them here for the first time. Each story details the eerie political, social, and environmental destruction of our world.. Genre: Short Stories,Science Fiction,Anthologies,Fiction,Apocalyptic,Post Apocalyptic,Science Fiction,Apocalyptic,Science Fiction,Dystopia,Fantasy,Horror,Business,Amazon.
Title: Unschooling Rules: 55 Ways to Unlearn What We Know about Schools and Rediscover Education. Author: Clark Aldrich, Description: While most schools continue to resist change, homeschooling families are abandoning the K-12 system and rediscovering what childhood education means. They are identifying new methods and goals that are powerful, born of common sense, and incompatible with today's schools. The author, education expert Clark Aldrich, has explored the cultures and practices of homeschoolers and unschoolers. He has distilled a list of rules that shake the foundations of national education to its core.. Genre: Education,Nonfiction,Parenting,Teaching,Childrens,Academic,School.
Title: Robert's Rules of Writing. Author: Robert Masello, Description: The 101 Rules You Need to Know,*but no one has ever told you,You already have a million writing books. You know the principles, the lectures, the "expert" techniques. And you've discovered that sometimes tried-and-true just equals tired.,In ,Robert's Rules of Writing,, successful author Robert Masello stomps out status quo writing advice and delivers 101 uninhibited techniques to improve your writing that include:,     Burn your journal (See rule 1)     Strip down to your briefs (See rule 38)     Spend time gossiping (See rule 61)     Buy the smoking jacket (See rule 56)     Skip the Starbucks (See rule 7)     De-claim! De-claim! (See rule 63)   Whether you're a fiction writer, freelancer, memoirist, or screenwriter, ,Robert's Rules of Writing, gives you the unorthodox advice to transform your writing life and get published!. Genre: Language,Writing,Nonfiction,Reference,Self Help,Business.
Title: The Things Your Father Never Taught You. Author: Robert Masello, Description: The essential gentlemen's book for the '90s--a lighthearted and practical guide to things that every man should know, from grooming to etiquette. With short essays, anecdotes, lists, and quotes, this sensible guide covers such obscure aspects of a man's common sense education as kitchen literacy, buying the perfect suit, and giving a good job interview.. Genre: nan.
Title: Paul: His Letters and His Theology: An Introduction to Paul's Epistles. Author: Stanley B. Marrow, Description: A major Pauline theology, the first to have come out in the Catholic area in recent years, which sheds light on and interprets Paul's theology by his letters, his life, and both against the background of his times.. Genre: Religion,Theology,Religion,Christianity.
Title: Woody Guthrie. Author: Joe Klein, Description: Perhaps now best known as an acclaimed (and bestselling) author of fiction, Joe Klein has for nearly three decades been one of contemporary journalism's premiere reporters. In "Woody Guthrie: A Life", Klein's signature style of insightful narrative nonfiction brings to life a vivid chapter in the history of American culture.,In 1998, the Woody Guthrie Foundation made public for the first time more than 10,000 of his papers, letters, song lyrics, and artworks, sparking renewed interest in the life of an American folk legend who influenced generations of musicians to come. The New York Times, reporting on the phenomenon, described Guthrie's appeal and legacy succinctly: "(Woody Guthrie was) one of the most influential cultural figures of the century. Guthrie inspired Bob Dylan and virtually created the modern folk tradition and singer-songwriter genre, and his music remains as vital today as when he was performing".,Born in Oklahoma in 1912, Guthrie spent his early years among the farmers and migrant workers of the dust bowl. As a young man during the Great Depression, he traveled across the country by boxcar with his guitar, composing the indelible folk ballads that made him a leader of the politically vital folk movement of the pre-war era. Tragically, the onset of Huntington's disease, gradually diminished his mind, body, and work, and led to his untimely death at the age of 55. Still, Guthrie's life and music have inspired every important folk and folk rock artist since, from Pete Seeger, Bob Dylan, and Joan Baez to Bruce Springsteen, Billy Bragg, and Ani DiFranco.. Genre: Music,Biography,Nonfiction,History,Biography Memoir,Reference,Research,Adventure,Folklore,Autobiography,Memoir.
Title: Sex on the Moon: The Amazing Story Behind the Most Audacious Heist in History. Author: Ben Mezrich, Description: Thad Roberts, a fellow in a prestigious NASA program had an idea—a romantic, albeit crazy, idea. He wanted to give his girlfriend the moon. Literally. , ,Thad convinced his girlfriend and another female accomplice, both NASA interns, to break into an impregnable laboratory at NASA—past security checkpoints, an electronically locked door with cipher security codes, and camera-lined hallways—and help him steal the most precious objects in the world: the moon rocks., ,But what does one do with an item so valuable that it’s illegal even to own? And was Thad Roberts—undeniably gifted, picked for one of the most competitive scientific posts imaginable, a possible astronaut—really what he seemed?, ,Mezrich has pored over thousands of pages of court records, FBI transcripts, and NASA documents and has interviewed most of the participants in the crime to reconstruct this ,Ocean’s Eleven,–style heist, a madcap story of genius, love, and duplicity that reads like a Hollywood thrill ride.. Genre: Nonfiction,Crime,True Crime,Mystery,Crime,History,Biography,Science,Audiobook,Space,Biography Memoir,Mystery.
Title: Coyote's Kiss. Author: Christa Faust, Description: A truck full of illegal Mexican immigrants slaughtered with supernatural force is found by the side of a road. Trying to find answers, Sam and Dean are plunged into the dangerous world that exists along the Mexican border. ,They encounter a tattooed, pistol-packing bandita on a motorcycle who seems be everywhere they go before they get there. Xochi Cazadora draws them into a whole new world of monsters...,A Supernatural novel that reveals a previously unseen adventure for the Winchester brothers, from the hit TV series! . Genre: Fantasy,Supernatural,Horror,Fantasy,Fantasy,Paranormal,Fiction,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Media Tie In,Media Tie In,Tv,Novels,Mystery.
Title: Apple Pie ABC. Author: Alison Murray, Description: When an apple pie arrives piping hot on the kitchen table, a little pup does everything from A to Z to get his paws on it. He Ogles it. He Pines for it. But will his ABC antics land him a slice? ,APPLE PIE ABC is a delicious twist on traditional verse brought to life by Alison Murray's simple words and whimsical illustrations. Sure to delight readers of all ages, it's a book to savor again and again.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Animals,Dogs,Childrens,Childrens,Storytime,Food and Drink,Food,Animals,Fiction,Childrens,Pre K,Business,Apple,Humor.
Title: How Big Is a Foot?. Author: Rolf Müller, Description: The King wants to give the Queen something special for her birthday. The Queen has everything, everything except a bed. The trouble is that no one in the Kingdom knows the answer to a very important question: How Big is a Bed? because beds at the time had not yet been invented. The Queen's birthday is only a few days away. How can they figure out what size the bed should be?. Genre: Science,Mathematics,Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Academic,School,Science,Number,Counting,Education,Teaching.
Title: The Preservationist. Author: David Maine, Description: "Noe says, -I must build a boat.,-A boat, she says.,-A ship, more like. I'll need the boys to help, he adds as an afterthought.,-We're leagues from the sea, she says, or any river big enough to warrant a boat.,This conversation is making Noe impatient. -I've no need to explain myself to you.,-And when you're done, she says carefully, we'll be taking this ship to the sea somehow?,As usual, Noe's impatience fades quickly. -We'll not be going to the sea. The sea will be coming to us.",In this brilliant debut novel, Noah's family (or Noe as he's called here)-his wife, sons, and daughters-in-law-tell what it's like to live with a man touched by God, while struggling against events that cannot be controlled or explained. When Noe orders his sons to build an ark, he can't tell them where the wood will come from. When he sends his daughters-in-law out to gather animals, he can offer no directions, money, or protection. And once the rain starts, they all realize that the true test of their faith is just beginning. Because the family is trapped on the ark with thousands of animals-with no experience feeding or caring for them, and no idea of when the waters will recede. What emerges is a family caught in the midst of an extraordinary Biblical event, with all the tension, humanity-even humor-that implies.. Genre: Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Religion,Biblical Fiction,Novels,Biblical,Historical,Humor,Fantasy,Mythology,Audiobook.
Title: Grey Gardens. Author: Doug Wright, Description: (Applause Libretto Library). Grey Gardens is based on the 1975 Albert and David Maysles film about Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis's eccentric aunt and cousin. The touching and sometimes heart-wrenching musical adaptation explores the dysfunctional relationship between former socialite Edith Bouvier Beale and her daughter, Little Edie, as they languish in a derelict East Hampton manor, Grey Gardens. Propelled by Christine Ebersole's tour-de-force performance, the gorgeous score, and intricate lyrics, the Broadway musical has garnered much critical praise. "An experience no passionate theatergoer should miss." Ben Brantley, The New York Times. Genre: Plays,Plays,Theatre,Music,Musicals,Historical,Historical Fiction,Drama,Music.
Title: Summer of Love. Author: Katie Fforde, Description: Sian Bishop has only ever experienced one moment of recklessness – a moment that resulted in her beloved son Rory. It’s not that she doesn’t love the outcome of that wild night, but since then she has always taken the safer route. So when dependable, devoted Richard suggests a move to the beautiful English countryside, she leaves the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and she throws herself into the picture-postcard cottage garden, her furniture restoration business, and a new life in the country.,Her good intentions are torpedoed on a glorious summer’s evening with the arrival of Gus Berresford. One-time explorer and full-time heartbreaker, Gus is ridiculously exciting, wonderfully glamorous and a completely inappropriate love interest for a single mum. But Gus and Sian have met before…,Sian has no use for a fling, she simply mustn’t fall in love with the most unlikely suitor ever to cross her path – even if he has now crossed her path twice. But who knows what can happen in a summer of love…. Genre: Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Romance,Fiction,Contemporary,Romance,Contemporary Romance,European Literature,British Literature,Adult,Roman,Womens Fiction,Family.
Title: Miller Governmental GAAP Guide: A Comprehensive Interpretation of All Current Promulgated Governmental Generally Accepted Accounting Principles for St. Author: Larry P. Bailey, Description: Financial professionals who work with state or local governments must stay current with emerging governmental standards or face some unfortunate consequences. This one-of-a-kind tool discusses all the promulgated accounting principles applicable to financial reporting by state and local governments. Readers will get a thorough analysis of GASB Statements, GASB Interpretations, GASB Technical Bulletins, NCGA Statements, NCGA Interpretations, and certain AICPA Statements of Position and Audit and Accounting Guides. Everything has been analyzed and restated in plain English and is supported by time-saving examples and illustrations. Professionals will even have the opportunity to earn up to 40 credit hours of low-cost CPE.. Genre: nan.
Title: Konte. Author: Momo Kapor, Description: Konte Niko Kažanegra (1900), vršnjak dvadesetog veka, u dubokoj starosti poverava beogradskom piscu Momi Kaporu da mu sredi i literarno uobliči nezavršene memoare koje je poslednjih godina pisao na svojoj jahti u Nici.,Radnja ovog romana odvija se u ubitačnom ritmu od Svetog Stefana, gde je rođen Konte, šegrtovanja u Dubrovniku i Veneciji, školovanja u Rimu, preko pustolovina u Njujorku, Londonu i Parizu.,Konte Kažanegra, taj Kazanova 20. veka, raskrinkava kolekcije čuvenih svetskih muzeja kojima je u svoje vreme prodavao lazna remek-dela poznatih falsifikatora od Van Megerena do Mimare...,Ovo je priča o veku punom svireposti, ali i uživanja, ratova i strasti, zabluda, prevara i varalica, o bogaćenju preko noći i propastima, ali i o umetnosti falsifikata, o ljubavi i nadi.. Genre: European Literature,Serbian Literature.
Title: Verzamelde gedichten. Author: Ida Gerhardt, Description: De lijst met prijzen die Ida Gerhardt (1905-1997) voor haar gedichten heeft gekregen volstaat om haar unieke statuur te bewijzen.,De Lucy B. en C.W. van der Hoogtprijs, de Herman Gorterprijs (driemaal), de Culturele Prijs van de Gemeente Arnhem, de Marianne Philipsprijs, de Prijs voor Meesterschap van de Maatschappij der Nederlandse Letterkunde, de Literaire Prijs van de Provincie Gelderland en de P.C.Hooftprijs. Voor haar vertalingen kreeg zij de Martinus Nijhoffprijs.,Deze dertiende druk van Verzamelde gedichten is fraai vormgegeven door Brigitte Slangen, en zal de komende jaren ongetwijfeld weer vele lezers voor zich weten te winnen.. Genre: Poetry,European Literature,Dutch Literature.
Title: The Encyclopedia of Literary and Cultural Theory. Author: Michael Ryan, Description: This is the first comprehensive multi-volume encyclopedia of literary and cultural theory. Arranged in three volumes covering Literary Theory from 1900 to 1966, Literary Theory from 1966 to the present, and Cultural Theory, this encyclopedia provides accessible entries on the important concepts, theorists and trends in post-1900 literary and cultural theory. With explanations of complex terms and important theoretical concepts, and summaries of the work and ideas of key figures, it is a highly informative reference work for a multi-disciplinary readership Part of the ,Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Literature,Contains over 300 entries of 1000-7000 words written by an international cast of nearly 300 leading scholars in literary and cultural theory Provides explanations of complex terms, important theoretical concepts, and tools for critical analysis Provides summaries of the work and ideas of key figures such as Jacques Derrida, Michel Foucault, Judith Butler, and Slavoj Zizek, and many more Online version provides students and researchers with 24/7 access to authoritative reference and powerful searching, browsing and cross-referencing capabilities Special introductory price available. Genre: nan.
Title: Nursing Research: Principles, Process And Issues. Author: Kader Parahoo, Description: Nursing is now a research-based profession. This means that all students need to become acquainted with the principles and terminology of research, and understand its relevance to a 'practical' discipline such as nursing.. Genre: nan.
Title: Radical Religion in Cromwell's England: A Concise History from the English Civil War to the End of the Commonwealth. Author: Andrew Bradstock, Description: "The present state of the old world is running up like parchment in the fire." So declaimed Gerrard Winstanley, charismatic leader of radical religious group the Diggers, in mid-seventeenth century England: one of the most turbulent periods in that country's history. As three civil wars divided and slaughtered families and communities, as failing harvests and land reforms forced many to the edge of starvation, and as longstanding institutions like the House of Lords, the Established Church and even the monarchy were unceremoniously dismantled, so a feverish sense of living on the cusp of a new age gripped the nation. ,Radical Religion in Cromwell's England, is the first genuinely concise and accessible history of the fascinating ideas and popular movements which emerged during this volatile period. Names like the "Ranters," "Seekers," "Diggers," "Muggletonians" and "Levellers" convey something of the exoticism of these associations, which although loose-knit, and in some cases short-lived, impacted on every stratum of society. Andrew Bradstock critically appraises each group and its ideas, taking into account the context in which they emerged, the factors which influenced them, and their significance at the time and subsequently. The role of political, religious, economic and military factors in shaping radical opinion is explored in full, as is the neglected contribution of women to these movements. Drawing on the author's long study of the topic, ,Radical Religion in Cromwell's England, brings a remarkable era to vivid and colorful life.. Genre: History.
Title: Airliners in Flight: Gallery of Air to Air-Photography: Gallery of Air to Air-Photography. Author: Nicholas A. Veronico,George Hall, Description: Amazing gallery of color photography showcases the world's jetliners and airline liveries.. Genre: nan.
Title: F4U Corsair: Combat, Development and Racing History of the Corsair. Author: Donna  Campbell,Nicholas A. Veronico,John M. Campbell, Description: nan. Genre: Aviation.
Title: Scarlet, Book 1. Author: Brian Michael Bendis,Alex Maleev, Description: THE AWARD WINNING, BEST SELLING POWERHOUSE CREATIVE TEAM BEHIND DAREDEVIL, HALO, AND THE AVENGERS UNLEASH THEIR BOLDEST PROJECT YET! SCARLET!,This is the comic experience of the year! The first creator-owned series by one of the most successful teams in all of modern comics. ,Scarlet is the story of a woman pushed to the edge by all that is wrong with the world...A woman who will not back down...A woman who discovers within herself the power to start a modern American revolution!!,Collecting,: ,Scarlet, 1-5. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Mystery,Crime,Graphic Novels Comics,Fiction,Comics,Comic Book,Superheroes,Marvel,Mystery,Adult,Action.
Title: A Woman of Consequence. Author: Anna Dean, Description: On a visit to the ruins of Madderstone Abbey, Penelope Lambe suffers a bad fall and before she slips into unconscious, manages to say 'I saw her, it was her'. Some take these words to mean that Penelope saw the Grey Nun, the ghost reputed to haunt the abbey, but Miss Dido Kent is determined to find the real cause.. Genre: Mystery,Historical,Historical Fiction,Mystery,Historical Mystery,Historical,Fiction,Historical,Regency,Mystery,Crime,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,European Literature,British Literature,Romance.
Title: Sepp Holzer's Permaculture: A Practical Guide to Small-Scale, Integrative Farming and Gardening. Author: Sepp Holzer,Anna Sapsford-Francis, Description: Sepp Holzer farms steep mountainsides in Austria 1,500 meters above sea level. His farm is an intricate network of terraces, raised beds, ponds, waterways and tracks, well covered with productive fruit trees and other vegetation, with the farmhouse neatly nestling amongst them. This is in dramatic contrast to his neighbors' spruce monocultures.In this book, Holzer shares the skill and knowledge acquired over his lifetime. He covers every aspect of his farming methods, not just how to create a holistic system on the farm itself, but how to make a living from it. Holzer writes about everything from the overall concepts, down to the practical details.In ,Sepp Holzer's Permaculture,readers will learn:,How he sets up a permaculture system,The fruit varieties he has found best for permaculture growing,How to construct terraces, ponds, and waterways,How to build shelters for animals and how to work with them on the land,How to cultivate edible mushrooms in the garden and on the farm,and much more!,Holzer offers a wealth of information for the gardener, smallholder or alternative farmer yet the book's greatest value is the attitudes it teaches. He reveals the thinking processes based on principles found in nature that create his productive systems. These can be applied anywhere.. Genre: Gardening,Nonfiction,Science,Agriculture,Food and Drink,Food,Environment,Reference,Environment,Nature,Environment,Sustainability,Nature,Plants,Biology,Ecology.
Title: Dim Sum: The Art of Chinese Tea Lunch: A Cookbook. Author: Ellen Leong Blonder, Description: In Cantonese, "dim sum" means "touch the heart," and Ellen Blonder's charming celebration of China's famed tea lunch does just that. More than sixty carefully crafted, authentic recipes, each illustrated with Ellen's exquisite watercolor paintings, put the key to re-creating these delectable morsels in every cook's hand. ,Anyone who has enjoyed the pleasures of a dim sum meal has inevitably wondered what it would be like to create these treats at home. The answer, surprisingly, is that most are quite simple to make. From dumplings to pastries, ,Dim Sum, is filled with simple, foolproof recipes, complete with clear step-by-step illustrations to explain the art of forming, filling, and folding dumpling wrappers and more. Ellen Blonder offers her favorite versions of traditional Pork and Shrimp Siu Mai, Turnip Cake, and Shrimp Ha Gow, each bite vibrantly flavored, plus recipes for hearty sticky rice dishes, refreshing saut�ed greens, tender baked or steamed buns, and a variety of pastries and desserts--all the ingredients required for an authentic, restaurant-style dim sum feast. Practical advice on designing a tea lunch menu and making dim sum ahead of time round out this irresistible collection.,Lovingly created from years of tasting, refining, and seeking out the best dim sum recipes from San Francisco to Hong Kong, ,Dim Sum, is a gem that any student of Chinese cooking will treasure.. Genre: Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Food and Drink,Cooking,Food and Drink,Food,Reference,Nonfiction,Cultural,China.
Title: A Pocketful of Eyes. Author: Lili Wilkinson, Description: Smart, funny, page-turning contemporary crime fiction in the tradition of Trixie Belden, Nancy Drew, Agatha Christie—and Veronica Mars,Beatrice May Ross is smart, observant, and analytical, so when a dead body is discovered in the taxidermy department at the museum where she's interning, she's determined to use her sleuthing skills to solve the case. A dead body in the Red Rotunda, a mysterious benefactor, a large stuffed tiger in the catacombs, a handsome boy with a fascination for unusual animal mating habits, and a pocketful of glass eyes. Can Beatrice sift through the clues to discover if there is a murderer in the midst? This sharp, sassy mystery has plenty of twists and turns, a dash of romance, and a splash of funny, and will keep the reader guessing right to the very end.. Genre: Young Adult,Mystery,Contemporary,Romance,Young Adult,Young Adult Contemporary,Realistic Fiction,Cultural,Australia,Humor,Mystery,Crime,Young Adult,Young Adult Romance.
Title: Monkey: The Journey to the West. Author: Wu Cheng'en,Arthur Waley,Hu Shih, Description: Probably the most popular book in the history of the Far East, this classic sixteenth century novel is a combination of picaresque novel and folk epic that mixes satire, allegory, and history into a rollicking adventure. It is the story of the roguish Monkey and his encounters with major and minor spirits, gods, demigods, demons, ogres, monsters, and fairies. This translation, by the distinguished scholar Arthur Waley, is the first accurate English version; it makes available to the Western reader a faithful reproduction of the spirit and meaning of the original.. Genre: Classics,Fiction,Fantasy,Cultural,China,Fantasy,Mythology,Asian Literature,Chinese Literature,Literature,Cultural,Asia,Novels,Adventure.
Title: Presumptive Meanings: The Theory of Generalized Conversational Implicature. Author: Stephen C. Levinson, Description: This is the first extended discussion of preferred interpretation in language understanding, integrating much of the best research in linguistic pragmatics from the last two decades.,When we speak, we mean more than we say. In this book Stephen C. Levinson explains some general processes that underlie presumptions in communication. This is the first extended discussion of preferred interpretation in language understanding, integrating much of the best research in linguistic pragmatics from the last two decades. Levinson outlines a theory of presumptive meanings, or preferred interpretations, governing the use of language, building on the idea of implicature developed by the philosopher H.P. Grice. Some of the indirect information carried by speech is presumed by default because it is carried by general principles, rather than inferred from specific assumptions about intention and context. Levinson examines this class of general pragmatic inferences in detail, showing how they apply to a wide range of linguistic constructions. This approach has radical consequences for how we think about language and communication.. Genre: Humanities,Linguistics,Nonfiction.
Title: Work Your Way Around the World. Author: Susan  Griffith, Description: The thirteenth edition of the unique and acclaimed guide for the working traveller, which explains how to find temporary work around the world, not only in advance, but also when on the spot while travelling. It incorporates hundreds of first-hand accounts from people who have actually done the jobs, with a mass of hard factual information, which offers authoritative advice on how to find work, from selling ice cream in Cape town, to working as a film extra in Bangkok. ,Work Your Way Around the World, ,gives information on all the main areas of temporary work, including the tourist industry, teaching English, childcare, and voluntary work, business and industry, and in addition, covers how to travel for free by land, sea and air. It also explains how to earn money by spotting some local opportunity, and gives dates and details of harvests from Denmark to New Zealand. Included is a country-by-country guide to the opportunities to be found.. Genre: Travel,Nonfiction,Reference,Adventure,Self Help,Cultural,How To,Cultural,International.
Title: By His Own Hand Upon Papyrus: A New Look at the Joseph Smith Papyri. Author: Charles M. Larson, Description: A survey of the controversy surrounding Mormon founder Joseph Smith's claim that he translated the Book of Abraham from an ancient Egyptian papyrus.. Genre: Religion,History,Lds,Mormonism,Nonfiction,Religion,Theology.
Title: Numismatic Forgery. Author: Charles M. Larson, Description: This book takes the reader into the hidden workshop of the criminal forger, and explains the methods and techniques that every serious coin collector should know before they purchase a rare or expensive coin. The informational interviews Larson conducted with the infamous master forger, Mark Hofmann, at Utah State Prison in the late 1980s lay the foundation for a number of methods revealed in this book. Hofmann is widely known for his forgery of historical Mormon documents, but Hofmann's coin forgeries continue to serve as a note of caution and a source of frustration and embarassment to many collectors and dealers. Larson's book offers a detailed and brilliant approach to how rare coins are privately manufactured, and promises to forever change how collectors and dealers of rare coins understand and approach counterfeit detection.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Supreme Doctrine: Psychological Studies in Zen Thought (Second Edition). Author: Hubert Benoît, Description: History and anthropology make it abundantly clear that societies composed of individuals who think, feel, believe and act according to the most preposterous conventions can survive for long periods of time. Statistical normality is perfectly compatible with a high degree of folly and wickedness. In so far as he is a psychotherapist, the Oriental philosopher tries to help statistically normal individuals to become normal in the other, more fundamental sense of the word. This process of intellectual and psycho-physical adjustment to the Nature of Things is the «supreme doctrine"­ of Zen Buddhism, which Dr Benoit discusses in the light of Western psychological theory and Western psychiatric practise. This is a book that should be read by everyone who aspires to know who he is and what he can do to acquire such self-knowledge. From the Foreword by Aldous Huxley The Supreme Doctrine is a cogent statement of what Zen thought had to offer the practising Western psychiatrist. This is a book which assuredly still speaks for itself. T. H. Barrett, SOAS, University of London. Genre: Spirituality,Psychology,Religion,Philosophy,Religion,Buddhism,Buddhism,Zen.
Title: Extensions of First-Order Logic. Author: Maria Manzano,Samson Abramsky,C.J. van Rijsbergen, Description: Classical logic has proved inadequate in various areas of computer science, artificial intelligence, mathematics, philosopy and linguistics. This is an introduction to extensions of first-order logic, based on the principle that many-sorted logic (MSL) provides a unifying framework in which to place, for example, second-order logic, type theory, modal and dynamic logics and MSL itself. The aim is two fold: only one theorem-prover is needed; proofs of the metaproperties of the different existing calculi can be avoided by borrowing them from MSL. To make the book accessible to readers from different disciplines, whilst maintaining precision, the author has supplied detailed step-by-step proofs, avoiding difficult arguments, and continually motivating the material with examples. Consequently this can be used as a reference, for self-teaching or for first-year graduate courses.. Genre: Philosophy,Logic.
Title: The Little Dog Laughed. Author: Lucy Cousins, Description: An ALA Notable Children's Book, School Library Journal Best Book of 1990, Parents Magazine Best Kids' Book of 1990, and Child Study Association Book of the Year 1991. Full color.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Poetry.
Title: Fiddler's Green: The Great Squandering, 1921-2010. Author: Richard Woodman, Description: Plunged into depression after a brief, post-war boom, the ships and men of the British merchant navy found themselves called upon to repeat their sacrifice to the menace of German hostility within 20 years of the end of the "war to end all wars." For over three years, until the Royal Navy bettered the German U-Boat, the merchant navy maintained the supply of food, raw materials, and the sinews of war against appalling odds until victory ushered in a new age of peace and prosperity. It was not to last for long. Within a generation the merchant navy had all but vanished, its companies wound up, its men and women cast aside, its loss to the nation yet to be appreciated in one of the quietest yet most fundamental changes to affect this country at the end of the millennium. The final installment in Richard Woodman's ground-breaking five-volume series is as richly illustrated as the previous four and draws to a conclusion this critically acclaimed study into the history and development of the merchant navy.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Blond Knight Of Germany: a biography of... Erich Hartmann. Author: Raymond F. Toliver,Trevor James Constable, Description: Publisher's Note: Products purchased from Third Party sellers are not guaranteed by the publisher for quality, authenticity, or access to any online entitlements included with the product.. Genre: History,Biography,Aviation,War,World War II,War,Military Fiction,Nonfiction,War,Cultural,Germany,Military,Military History,Historical.
Title: La sirena negra. Author: Emilia Pardo Bazán, Description: Doña Emilia Pardo Bazán de Quiroga (1851-1921), condesa de Pardo Bazán, es considerada como la más grande novelista del mundo hispanohablante y, junto a Galdos y Clarín, entre los más sobresalientes escritores españoles de finales del siglo XIX. Obtuvo muchos honores durante su vida y sus libros fueron traducidos a muchos idiomas. Por lo espontáneo, natural y casi impredecible de sus escritos es comparada con la inglesa George Eliot, las francesas George Sand y Madame de Staël, y en Rusia con Iván Turgenev.. Genre: Fiction,Classics,European Literature,Spanish Literature.
Title: Matrix Analysis and Applied Linear Algebra Book and Solutions Manual. Author: Carl Dean Meyer, Description: This book avoids the traditional definition-theorem-proof format; instead a fresh approach introduces a variety of problems and examples all in a clear and informal style. The in-depth focus on applications separates this book from others, and helps students to see how linear algebra can be applied to real-life situations. Some of the more contemporary topics of applied linear algebra are included here which are not normally found in undergraduate textbooks. Theoretical developments are always accompanied with detailed examples, and each section ends with a number of exercises from which students can gain further insight. Moreover, the inclusion of historical information provides personal insights into the mathematicians who developed this subject. The textbook contains numerous examples and exercises, historical notes, and comments on numerical performance and the possible pitfalls of algorithms. Solutions to all of the exercises are provided, as well as a CD-ROM containing a searchable copy of the textbook.. Genre: Science,Mathematics,Textbooks,Mathematics,Algebra.
Title: Lie Algebras In Particle Physics: from Isospin To Unified Theories. Author: Howard Georgi, Description: Howard Georgi is the co-inventor (with Sheldon Glashow) of the SU(5) theory. This extensively revised and updated edition of his classic text makes the theory of Lie groups accessible to graduate students, while offering a perspective on the way in which knowledge of such groups can provide an insight into the development of unified theories of strong, weak, and electromagnetic interactions.. Genre: Science,Physics,Science,Mathematics,Science,Nonfiction,Textbooks.
Title: Nastybook. Author: Barry Yourgrau, Description: Why would criminals kidnap a cuddly teddy bear? Or monsters attack a kid for picking his nose?,'Cause Nice is overrated. Genre: Short Stories,Fiction,Humor,Young Adult,Fantasy,Horror,Childrens,Young Adult,Teen.
Title: The World's Beaches: A Global Guide to the Science of the Shoreline. Author: Orrin H. Pilkey,J. Andrew G. Cooper,Joseph T. Kelley,William J. Neal, Description: Take this book to the beach; it will open up a whole new world. Illustrated throughout with color photographs, maps, and graphics, it explores one of the planet’s most dynamic environments—from tourist beaches to Arctic beaches strewn with ice chunks to steaming hot tropical shores. ,The World’s Beaches, tells how beaches work, explains why they vary so much, and shows how dramatic changes can occur on them in a matter of hours. It discusses tides, waves, and wind; the patterns of dunes, washover fans, and wrack lines; and the shape of berms, bars, shell lags, cusps, ripples, and blisters. What is the world’s longest beach? Why do some beaches sing when you walk on them? Why do some have dark rings on their surface and tiny holes scattered far and wide? This fascinating, comprehensive guide also considers the future of beaches, and explains how extensively people have affected them—from coastal engineering to pollution, oil spills, and rising sea levels.. Genre: Science,Nonfiction,Environment,Nature.
Title: Queen's Mate: Three Women of Power in France on the Eve of the Renaissance. Author: Pauline Matarasso, Description: Queen's Mate tells the story of three remarkable women who shaped and presided over the destiny of France during the last years of the 15th century and the early part of the 16th: Anne of France, Anne of Brittany, and Louise of Savoy. Although each is worthy of her own individual biography, their lives were so enmeshed by kinship, marriage and circumstances as to be well served by a book that mirrors the complex interweaving of their lives. Their story is rich enough in dramatic incident to provide a gripping narrative, but the book looks also at the wider issues: at the restrictions, particularly in the exercise of power, placed on the three women by society; at their success in ignoring or pushing back those barriers; at what they wanted or expected for their daughters; and at how they saw themselves in relation to men. The study draws largely on contemporary sources, both printed and manuscript, and presents material hitherto unknown or overlooked. It is the first study of the three women as a group, and indeed is one of the first modern, reliable studies in English or French of any one of them as an individual.. Genre: Cultural,France,Biography.
Title: Vagabonding: An Uncommon Guide to the Art of Long-Term World Travel. Author: Rolf Potts, Description: Vagabonding, is about taking time off from your normal life - from six weeks to four months to two years - to discover and experience the world on your own terms. Veteran shoestring traveler Rolf Potts shows how anyone armed with an independent spirit can achieve the dream of extended overseas travel. Potts gives the necessary information on:,- financing your travel time ,- determining your destination ,- adjusting to life on the road,- working and volunteering overseas ,- handling travel adversity ,- re-assimilating back into ordinary life,Not just a plan of action, vagabonding is an outlook on life that emphasizes creativity, discovery, and the growth of the spirit. Visit the vagabonding community's hub at ,www.vagabonding.net,.. Genre: Travel,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Adventure,Self Help,Self Help,Personal Development,Business,Reference,Audiobook,Inspirational.
Title: Psyche. Author: Molière,Pierre Corneille,Philippe Quinault, Description: Psyche, is a tragedy-ballet in five acts and in verse, written by Molière, Pierre Corneille and Philippe Quinault.,The subject is taken from Apuleius’s ,Metamorphoses,. The story of Psyche and Cupid is told by an old woman to a young girl who has been kidnapped by brigands. Apuleius's version was far too bold and too charged sexually for the 17th century stage, and the story had been adapted to the morals of the time on several occasions.,Molière did not versify the entire play. The plot is his; he versified the prologue, the first act and the first scene of acts two and three. Pierre Corneille versified the rest of the play. Philippe Quinault wrote all of the poetry that was set to music.,The book has no illustrations or index. Subjects: Drama / General; Drama / Continental European;. Genre: Plays,Cultural,France,Literature,17th Century,Plays,Theatre.
Title: The Book of the Sacred Magic of Abramelin, The Mage — As Delivered By Abraham The Jew Unto His Son Lamech — As A Grimoire of The 15th Century. Author: Abraham von Worms,S.L. MacGregor Mathers, Description: Around the turn of the century, when ,Aleister Crowley, was working out his system of Magick, the source that he turned to for basics was the system of Abramelin of Egypt. From Abramelin he took his concepts of protections, purifications, evocations, vestments, and dromena down to specific details. This system of Abramelin the Mage is known from a unique 15th century manuscript persevered in the Bibliotheque de l`Arsenal in Paris. In it, Abraham of Wurzburg, a cabalist and connoisseur of magics, describes a tour that he made of the then civilized world, visiting sorcerers, magicians, and cabalists, estimating their powers and virtues. This quest is in itself as fascinating as the similar tours of ,Gurdjieff,. The high point of Abraham`s travels was found in a small town on the banks of the Nile, where he encountered the great magician Abramelin, whose complete system Abraham thereupon sets out in detail. This amounts to a complete course in ceremonial magic (both white and black), which the student can pursue by himself. Abramelin, whose system is based mostly on Hellenistic theurgy of the ,Iamblichan, sort, but with Jewish increments from the Cabala, explains the qualifications needed to become a magician, purifications and asceticisms to be practiced month by month, studies and activities permitted during this period, selections of place and time for working magic, equipment needed, prayers and formulas, evocation of good and evil spirits, commanding spirits, to do one`s will, overcoming rebellious spirits, an similar material. Specific instructions are offered to develop such powers as clairvoyance, divining metals and treasurers, warding off evil magic, healing illness, levitation, transportation, rendering oneself invisible, creating illusions and glamour, reading minds, placing compulsions, working black magic, and a host of other abilities. We do not guarantee that Abramelin's techniques work, not that the results are desirable.... Genre: Occult,Occult,Magick,Fantasy,Magic,Nonfiction,Religion,Spirituality,Occult,Mysticism,Religion,Esoterica,Philosophy,Fantasy,Mythology.
Title: Iron House. Author: John Hart, Description:    ,          An old man is dying.,          When the old man is dead they will come for him.,          And they will come for her, to make him hurt., ,John Hart delivers his fourth novel -- a gut-wrenching, heart-stopping thriller no reader will soon forget.,He would go to Hell,     At the Iron Mountain Home for Boys, there was nothing but time. Time to burn and time to kill, time for two young orphans to learn that life isn’t won without a fight. Julian survives only because his older brother, Michael, is fearless and fiercely protective. When tensions boil over and a boy is brutally killed, there is only one sacrifice left for Michael to make: He flees the orphanage and takes the blame with him.,To keep her safe... ,     For two decades, Michael has been an enforcer in New York’s world of organized crime, a prince of the streets so widely feared he rarely has to kill anymore. But the life he’s fought to build unravels when he meets Elena, a beautiful innocent who teaches him the meaning and power of love. He wants a fresh start with her, the chance to start a family like the one he and Julian never had. But someone else is holding the strings. And escape is not that easy. . . ., ,Go to Hell, and come back burning....,    The mob boss who gave Michael his blessing to begin anew is dying, and his son is intent on making Michael pay for his betrayal. Determined to protect the ones he loves, Michael spirits Elena—who knows nothing of his past crimes, or the peril he’s laid at her door— back to North Carolina, to the place he was born and the brother he lost so long ago. There, he will encounter a whole new level of danger, a thicket of deceit and violence that leads inexorably to the one place he’s been running from his whole life: Iron House.. Genre: Mystery,Thriller,Fiction,Suspense,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,Mystery,Crime,Audiobook,Adult Fiction,American,Southern,Contemporary.
Title: The Scorching Wind. Author: Walter Macken, Description: This is a vivid and memorable novel set in Dublin, 1916, during the Easter Rebellion and the bitter years which followed. Through the diverging lives of two young brothers the agony of Ireland during these harrowing times is witnessed. It is the time of the Sinn Fein, of the dreaded Tans, of terrible deeds and of loyalties strained to breaking-point and beyond.. Genre: Cultural,Ireland,Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,European Literature,Irish Literature,Historical.
Title: Jessica Rules the Dark Side. Author: Beth Fantaskey, Description: It's one thing to find out you're a vampire princess. It's a whole other thing to actually rule. Newly married Jessica Packwood is having a hard enough time feeling regal with her husband, Lucius, at her side. But when evidence in the murder of a powerful elder points to Lucius, sending him into solitary confinement, Jessica is suddenly on her own. Determined to clear her husband's name, Jessica launches into a full-scale investigation, but hallucinations and nightmares of betrayal keep getting in her way. Jessica knows that with no blood to drink, Lucius's time is running out. Can she figure out who the real killer is —and whom she can trust— before it's too late?. Genre: Paranormal,Vampires,Young Adult,Romance,Fantasy,Paranormal,Fantasy,Romance,Paranormal Romance,Fantasy,Supernatural,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Fiction,Mystery.
Title: The Silent People. Author: Walter Macken, Description: Continuing the adventures of several generations of one Irish family, The Silent People is the story of a young educated man from Connacht, and life at the time of the famine in Ireland. Despite his reluctance, Dualta is drawn into the political unrest of his times because of the degradation of the people by tyrannical landlords and inescapable injustices. Along with Seek the Fair Land and The Scorching Wind, The Silent People is a fascinating examination of the history and events that fueled the fight for freedom in Ireland. The second novel in Walter Macken's epic trilogy following one family through 300 years of Irish history. Genre: Cultural,Ireland,Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,European Literature,Irish Literature,Historical,Literature,Novels.
Title: Coming Home. Author: Lauren Brooke, Description: This powerful series follows Amy Fleming through the loss of her mother and her struggle to continue the work at Heartland-a refuge for abused and abandoned horses.. Genre: Animals,Horses,Young Adult,Animals,Childrens,Fiction,Contemporary,Childrens,Middle Grade,Realistic Fiction,Family,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: Clockwork Prince. Author: Cassandra Clare, Description: In the magical underworld of Victorian London, Tessa Gray has at last found safety with the Shadowhunters. But that safety proves fleeting when rogue forces in the Clave plot to see her protector, Charlotte, replaced as head of the Institute. If Charlotte loses her position, Tessa will be out on the street—and easy prey for the mysterious Magister, who wants to use Tessa’s powers for his own dark ends.,With the help of the handsome, self-destructive Will and the fiercely devoted Jem, Tessa discovers that the Magister’s war on the Shadowhunters is deeply personal. He blames them for a long-ago tragedy that shattered his life. To unravel the secrets of the past, the trio journeys from mist-shrouded Yorkshire to a manor house that holds untold horrors, from the slums of London to an enchanted ballroom where Tessa discovers that the truth of her parentage is more sinister than she had imagined. When they encounter a clockwork demon bearing a warning for Will, they realize that the Magister himself knows their every move—and that one of their own has betrayed them.,Tessa finds her heart drawn more and more to Jem, but her longing for Will, despite his dark moods, continues to unsettle her. But something is changing in Will—the wall he has built around himself is crumbling. Could finding the Magister free Will from his secrets and give Tessa the answers about who she is and what she was born to do?,As their dangerous search for the Magister and the truth leads the friends into peril, Tessa learns that when love and lies are mixed, they can corrupt even the purest heart.. Genre: Fantasy,Young Adult,Romance,Fantasy,Paranormal,Science Fiction,Steampunk,Historical,Historical Fiction,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Fiction,Paranormal,Angels,Paranormal,Vampires.
Title: The Speckled Monster: A Historical Tale of Battling Smallpox. Author: Jennifer Lee Carrell, Description: The Speckled Monster, tells the dramatic story of two parents who dared to fight back against smallpox. After barely surviving the agony of smallpox themselves, they flouted eighteenth-century medicine by borrowing folk knowledge from African slaves and Eastern women in frantic bids to protect their children. From their heroic struggles stems the modern science of immunology as well as the vaccinations that remain our only hope should the disease ever be unleashed again.Jennifer Lee Carrell transports readers back to the early eighteenth century to tell the tales of Lady Mary Wortley Montagu and Dr. Zabdiel Boylston, two iconoclastic figures who helped save London and Boston from the deadliest disease mankind has known.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,Science,Health,Medicine,Medical,Illness,Disease,Historical,Health,Literature,18th Century,Science,Biology.
Title: La Seduction: How the French Play the Game of Life. Author: Elaine Sciolino, Description: The hidden truth about the French way of life: it's all about seduction—its rules, its pleasures, its secrets,France is a seductive country, seductive in its elegance, its beauty, its sensual pleasures, and its joie de vivre. But Elaine Sciolino, the longtime Paris bureau chief of ,The New York Times,, has discovered that seduction is much more than a game to the French: it is the key to understanding France.,Seduction plays a crucial role in how the French relate to one another—not just in romantic relationships but also in how they conduct business, enjoy food and drink, define style, engage in intellectual debate, elect politicians, and project power around the world. While sexual repartee and conquest remain at the heart of seduction, for the French seduction has become a philosophy of life, even an ideology, that can confuse outsiders.,In, La Seduction,, Sciolino gives us an inside view of how seduction works in all areas, analyzing its limits as well as its power. She demystifies the French way of life in an entertaining and personal narrative that carries us from the neighborhood shops of Paris to the halls of government, from the gardens of Versailles to the agricultural heartland.,La Seduction, will charm you and encourage you to lower your defenses about the French. Pull up a chair and let Elaine Sciolino seduce you.. Genre: Cultural,France,Nonfiction,Travel,Sociology,Cultural,Couture,Fashion,Cultural,International,History,Politics,Social Science.
Title: The The Klutz Guide to the Galaxy. Author: Pat Murphy,The Scientists of Klutz Labs, Description: With The Klutz Guide to the Galaxy, you can explore the universe without leaving the comfort of your backyard. This galactic tool kit has everything you need: an amazing build-it-yourself telescope, a night-sight flashlight, star and moon maps, a no-batteries-required sundial, a mariner Have fun. Genre: nan.
Title: The Little Guide to Your Well-Read Life: How to Get More Books in Your Life and More Life from Your Books. Author: Steve Leveen, Description: "Perfect for all of us who can never get enough time with good books. It not only urges us to indulge deeply and often, it shows us how."-Myra Hart, professor, Harvard Business School, ,"Readers and want-to-be readers will be encouraged by the advice to read more, more widely and more systematically."-Michael Keller, university librarian, Stanford University, ,"An ideal gift for both sporadic and relentless readers."-James Mustich Jr., publisher of ,A Common Reader, ,"A worthy addition to even the most well-stocked personal library."-Ross King, author of ,Michelangelo & The Pope's Ceiling, ,   ,Do not set out to live a well-read life but rather your well-read life. No one can be well-read using someone else's reading list. Unless a book is good for you, you won't connect with it and gain from it. Just as no one can tell you how to lead your life, no one can tell you what to read for your life., , ,How do readers find more time to read? In ,The Little Guide to Your Well-Read Life,, Steve Leveen offers both inspiration and practical advice for bibliophiles on how to get more books in their life and more life from their books., ,His recommendations are disarmingly refreshing, as when he advises when ,not, to read a book and why not to feel guilty if you missed reading all those classics in school. He helps readers reorganize their bookshelves into a Library of Candidates that they actively build and a Living Library of books read with enthusiasm, and he emphasizes the value of creating a Bookography, or annotated list of your reading life. Separate chapters are devoted to the power of audio books and the merits of reading groups., ,The author himself admits he came "late to the bookshelf," making this charming little guide all the more convincing.. Genre: Nonfiction,Writing,Books About Books,Self Help,Reference,Adult,Language,Writing,How To,Writing,Essays,Audiobook,Literature.
Title: The Fortune Cookie Chronicles: Adventures in the World of Chinese Food. Author: Jennifer 8. Lee, Description: If you think McDonald's is the most ubiquitous restaurant experience in America, consider that there are more Chinese restaurants in America than McDonalds, Burger Kings, and Wendys combined. New York Times reporter and Chinese-American (or American-born Chinese), Jennifer 8 Lee, traces the history of Chinese-American experience through the lens of the food. In a compelling blend of sociology and history, Jenny Lee exposes the indentured servitude Chinese restaurants expect from illegal immigrant chefs, investigates the relationship between Jews and Chinese food, and weaves a personal narrative about her own relationship with Chinese food. ,The Fortune Cookie Chronicles, speaks to the immigrant experience as a whole, and the way it has shaped our country.. Genre: Food and Drink,Food,Nonfiction,History,Cultural,China,Travel,Food and Drink,Food Writing,Food and Drink,Cooking,Autobiography,Memoir,Food and Drink,Foodie,Cultural,Asia.
Title: The Well-Read Witch: Essential Books for Your Magickal Library. Author: Carl McColman, Description: With reviews of over 400 books, this is an essential handbook for anyone interested in reading about the magickal world of Witchcraft -- as well as related topics of interest to any Wiccan practitioner.. Genre: Witchcraft,Religion,Paganism,Occult,Nonfiction,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: Joel Barlow: American Citizen in a Revolutionary World. Author: Richard Buel Jr., Description: Poet, republican, diplomat, and entrepreneur, Joel Barlow filled many roles and registered impressive accomplishments. In the first biography of this fascinating figure in decades, Richard Buel Jr. recounts the life of a man more intimately connected to the Age of Revolution than perhaps any other American.,Barlow was a citizen of the revolutionary world, and his adventures throughout the United States and Europe during both the American and French Revolutions are numerous and notorious. From writing his epic poem, ,The Vision of Columbus,, to plotting a republican revolution in Britain to negotiating the release of American sailors taken captive by Barbary pirates, Joel Barlow personified the true spirit of the tumultuous times in which he lived.,No one witnessed more climactic events or interacted with more significant people than Joel Barlow. It was his unique vision, his unfailing belief in republicanism, and his entrepreneurial spirit that drove Barlow to pursue the revolutionary ideal in a way more emblematic of the age than the lives of many of its prominent heroes.,Buel is a knowledgeable guide, and in telling Barlow’s story he explores the cultural landscape of the early American republic and engages the broader themes of the Age of Revolution. Few books explore in such a comprehensive fashion the political, economic, ideological, diplomatic, and technological dimensions of this defining moment in world history.. Genre: nan.
Title: Genesis: Finding Our Roots. Author: Ruth Beechick, Description: This unique course integrates many fields of knowledge with Genesis 1-11, and clears up the fuzzy history before Egypt. Through literature and art, it reveals startling insights about giants, dragons, cherubim, and other beings that the early peoples knew but we have lost in myth. Gives true answers to age-old questions about God, man, and the world, developing a biblical worldview. Includes maps, charts, timeline, and full-color reproductions of ancient art.. Genre: History,Christian,Nonfiction,Education,Religion.
Title: Roots of the Reformation. Author: Karl Adam,Cecily Hastings, Description: As a faithful Catholic, Karl Adam gives a historically-sensitive and accurate analysis of the causes of the Reformation, one that stands as a valid and sometimes unsettling challenge to the presuppositions of Protestants and Catholics alike.. Genre: History,Religion,Christianity,Catholic,Religion,Faith,Nonfiction.
Title: The Book of Lies. Author: Mary Horlock, Description: On the English Channel island of Guernsey, a teenage girl’s ,Mean Girls,-like experience pushes her to murder her best friend in a scandal, she will discover, that mirrors her uncle’s previously unknown story from the days of the island’s Nazi occupation during WWII. Told  through  the voices of fifteen-year-old Cat Rozier and her long-dead Uncle Charlie—known to Cat only by the audio recordings he left behind—,The Book of Lies ,lucidly illuminates the interior lives of a scorned modern girl with attitude and a defiant, faded man. With echoes of  Nicole  Krauss’s ,The History of Love, and Jennifer McMahon’s ,Promise Not to Tell,, Mary Horlock’s stunning debut novel is an unforgettable exploration of aspiration, anguish, and  rebellion.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Mystery,Young Adult,War,World War II,Young Adult,Coming Of Age,Historical,Mystery,Crime,War,Drama.
Title: Searching for The Ancient Tea Horse Road. Author: Sian Yan Yun,Aaron Fisher,Aaron Davis, Description: nan. Genre: Food and Drink,Tea.
Title: The The Itsy Bitsy Spider. Author: Rosemary Wells, Description: A beloved nursery rhyme classic to put your child on the road to reading!,Rosemary Wells, one of America's foremost creators of children's books, will have the very youngest child turning pages and remembering the words. What better way instill a lifetime love of reading and learning?. Genre: Childrens,Childrens,Picture Books.
Title: A Buddhist Bible. Author: Dwight Goddard,Robert Aitken, Description: A wide selection of readings from Pali, Sanskrit, Chinese, Tibetan, and modern sources intended to provide the reader with a foundation in classical Buddhist thought.,The first book to bring together the key texts of modern Buddhism.,In the last hundred years, the world, especially the West, has increasingly embraced the teachings of Buddhism. A modern Buddhist Bible is the first anthology to bring together the writings from Buddhists, both Eastern and Western, that have redefined Buddhism for our era.,Forging a universal doctrine from the divergent traditions of China, Sri Lanka, Japan, Burma, Thailand, and Tibet, the makers of modern Buddhism saw it as a return to the origin, as renowned scholar Donald Lopez shows. Modern Buddhism is for them a homeward journey to the vision of Buddha himself. Putting far more stress on meditation and spirituality than on ritual and relics, it embraces the ordination of women and values of science, social justice, tolerance, and individual freedom.. Genre: Religion,Buddhism,Religion,Spirituality,Philosophy,Nonfiction,Reference,Philosophy,Metaphysics,Psychology,Religion,Theology.
Title: The Kingdoms and the Elves of the Reaches. Author: Robert Stanek, Description: Ruin Mist was featured in Publisher's Weekly Cover Story. Also recommended by the YA Librarians at VOYA Magazine, Foreword Magazine and in The Complete Idiots Guide to Elves and Fairies, Ancient Art of Faery Magick, Popular Series Fiction for Middle School and Teen Readers: A Reading and Selection Guide, and more.,After the Great War that divided the peoples, the kingdoms of men plunged into a Dark Age that lasted 500 years. To heal the lands and restore the light, the great kings decreed that magic and all that is magical, be it creature, man, or device, shall be cleansed to dust. The cleansing raged for so long that no human could recall a time without it and it is in this time that the Dark Lord Sathar returned from the dark beyond. The one hope of the peoples of Ruin Mist was Queen Mother, the elf queen of old. She saw a way out of everlasting darkness, a path that required the union of the divided peoples. And so it began.. Genre: Fantasy,Fiction,Young Adult,Fantasy,Magic,Fantasy,Dragons.
Title: How to Teach English. Author: Jeremy Harmer, Description: This is an introduction to the teaching of English. Its emphasis is on practical issues and it is appropriate for self-study and for use with classes of trainee teachers. The early chapters address such issues as How can we be good teachers?, What makes a good learner? and how can teachers make classes better?. The book suggests a way of looking at a variety of teaching methods according to a single model of teaching and goes on to offer a concise theoretical guide to the description of language. Subsequent chapters look at specific teaching methods, particularly in relation to the four skills, as well as offering ideas on textbook use, lesson planning and coping with the unexpected. For each chapter a range of tasks is provided to stimulate debate and further thought.. Genre: Nonfiction,Teaching,Reference,Education,Humanities,Language,Academic,Humanities,Linguistics,Textbooks.
Title: Encyclopedia of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Volume 3. Author: Rigan Machado,José M. Fraguas, Description: Volume three in a three volume set that provides a comprehensive overview of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques. Genre: Combat,Martial Arts.
Title: Beyond the Light: What Isn't Being Said about Near-Death Experience. Author: P.M.H. Atwater,Melvin Morse, Description: "Atwater is earnest, helpful, boldly honest." --,East West Journal, ,P. M. H. Atwater is unique in this world. As both a near-death survivor and a near-death researcher, she brings a remarkable perspective to her work. Her first book, ,Coming Back to Life, caused a major controversy in the field of near-death studies, and ,Beyond the Light, promises to do the same. ,It presents the most in-depth and comprehensive look at the near-death phenomenon, its after-effects and implications. She challenges the stereotype of the "amazing grace" near-death experience of a tunnel of light accompanied by a feeling of well-being. Atwater has provocative evidence of many different types of experiences, including those that are hell-like as well as transcendent. She also discusses and contrasts the experiences of those people who were dead for several days and then revived, those who attempted suicide, and the similarities and differences between near-death experiences and hallucinations. ,Atwater was the first near-death researcher to find that the experience changed the brain's physiology, actually altering its structure. While she was criticized for this bold assertion, subsequent findings have proved her correct. ,Beyond the Light, provocatively probes the "electrical sensitivity" that follows near-death episodes as well as the now-acknowledged "brain-shifts," and considers how these findings might change our very notion of mortality. ,Atwater has interviewed hundreds who have experienced near-death and their loved ones and friends. Her conclusions and observations will challenge our assumptions about what we consider life, death, and the existence and evolution of the individual soul. Like almost everyone who has experienced near-death, Atwater has come away spiritually charged with a mission to share her perceptions and sensations. ,Beyond the Light, is about nightmares as well as miracles, joy as well as deep despair. Atwater makes a compelling case that near-death provides us with a fascinating window on one of life's greatest unknowns and sets the stage for our re-examination of what it means to be alive . . . and dead. ,Beyond the Light, also contains a thorough and exhaustively researched resource section for those looking for further reading and guidance to an understanding of this fascinating field of study. ,P. M. H. Atwater experienced three near-death experiences in 1977. She has been exploring this phenomenon ever since. She lives and works in Charlottesville, Virginia.. Genre: Science,Philosophy,Metaphysics.
Title: Histoire du Québec contemporain: Le Québec depuis 1930. Author: Paul-André Linteau,René Durocher,François Ricard,Jean-Claude Robert, Description: Rééditée dans la collection Boréal compact, et remise à jour, L'Histoire du Québec contemporain (2 vol.) est une oeuvre indispensable pour connaître notre pays. Cet ouvrage a été salué par une presse unanimement élogieuse.. Genre: History.
Title: Apprenticeship in Critical Ethnographic Practice. Author: Jean Lave, Description:  ,In this extended meditation, Jean Lave interweaves analysis of the process of apprenticeship among the Vai and Gola tailors of Liberia with reflections on the evolution of her research on those tailors in the late 1970s. In so doing, she provides both a detailed account of her apprenticeship in the art of sustained fieldwork and an insightful overview of thirty years of changes in the empirical and theoretical facets of ethnographic practice. Examining the issues she confronted in her own work, Lave shows how the critical questions raised by ethnographic research erode conventional assumptions, altering the direction of the work that follows.,As ethnography takes on increasing significance to an ever widening field of thinkers on topics from education to ecology, this erudite but accessible book will be essential to anyone tackling the question of what it means to undertake critical and conceptually challenging fieldwork. ,Apprenticeship in Critical Ethnographic Practice, explains how to seriously explore what it means to be human in a complex world—and why it is so important.. Genre: Nonfiction.
Title: Le Vicomte de Bragelonne III. Author: Alexandre Dumas,Jean-Yves Tadié, Description: Noble Porthos ! A quoi bon les châteaux regorgeant de meubles, les forêts regorgeant de gibier, les lacs regorgeant de poissons et les caves regorgeant de richesses ! A quoi bon les laquais aux brillantes livrées, et au milieu d'eux Mousqueton, fier du pouvoir délégué par toi ! Ô noble Porthos ! soucieux entasseur de trésors, fallait-il tant travailler à adoucir et dorer ta vie pour venir, sur une plage déserte, aux cris des oiseaux de l'océan, t'étendre, les os écrasés, sous une froide pierre ! Fallait-il, enfin, noble Porthos, amasser tant d'or pour n'avoir pas même le distique d'un pauvre poète sur ton monument !. Genre: Cultural,France,Classics,Fiction,Adventure,Historical,Historical Fiction,European Literature,French Literature,Historical,Roman,Romance,Novels.
Title: Little Red Riding Hood. Author: Charles Perrault,Sarah Moon, Description: A little girl meets a hungry wolf in the forest while on her way to visit her sick grandmother. Illustrated with photographs placing the tale in an urban setting.. Genre: Short Stories,Classics,Fantasy,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Fiction,Childrens,Cultural,France,Childrens,Picture Books,Academic,School,Folk Tales.
Title: The Taoist I Ching. Author: Liu Yiming,Thomas Cleary, Description: The ,I Ching ,, or "Book of Change," is considered the oldest of the Chinese classics and has throughout history commanded unsurpassed prestige and popularity. Containing several layers of text and given numerous levels of interpretation, it has captured continuous attention for well over two thousand years. It has been considered a book of fundamental principles by philosophers, politicians, mystics, alchemists, yogins, diviners, sorcerers, and more recently by scientists and mathematicians. ,This first part of the present volume is the text of the ,I Ching , proper—the sixty-four hexagrams plus sayings on the hexagrams and their lines—with the commentary composed by Liu I-ming, a Taoist adept, in 1796. The second part is Liu I-ming's commentary on the two sections added to the ,I Ching , by earlier commentators, believed to be members of the original Confucian school; these two sections are known as the Overall Images and the Mixed Hexagrams. In total, the book illuminates the Taoist inner teachings as practiced in the School of Complete Reality. ,Well versed in Buddhism and Confucianism as well as Taoism, Liu I-ming intended his work to be read as a guide to comprehensive self-realization while living an ordinary life in the world. In his attempt to lift the veil of mystery from the esoteric language of the ,I Ching ,, he employs the terminology of psychology, sociology, history, myth, and religion. This commentary on the ,I Ching , stands as a major contribution to the elucidation of Chinese spiritual genius.. Genre: Religion,Taoism,Religion,Philosophy,Occult,Divination,Spirituality,Self Help,Cultural,China,Psychology,Occult,Magick,Classics.
Title: Shadows. Author: Rhiannon Lassiter, Description: A Supercomputer Brain In A 15-Year-Old's Body..., Meet Raven, The Most Dangerous Teenager In The World...., , Tomorrow has come. And now, in 24th-century London, the CPS, a secret government agency, is on a mission to seek and destroy the Hex-human mutants with supercomputer minds. Raven is next on their list. Soon she will be in their hands.... , Raven and her brother Wraith have rescued their sister Revenge. Now the CPS and the tyrannical, repressive European Federation have declared all-out war. But as Raven battles her captors, who will lead the Hex? It is up to Wraith to forge a union between the Hex and the rebel group Anglecynn. But can newcomer Ali lead the fragile alliance into a battle beyond her wildest dreams and rescue Raven before it is too late?. Genre: Science Fiction,Young Adult,Fiction,Science Fiction,Dystopia,Science Fiction,Cyberpunk,Childrens,Fantasy,Science Fiction Fantasy,Fantasy,Supernatural.
Title: Happy End. Author: Mirjana Bobić Mojsilović, Description: Novi hit trenutno najčitanije srpske spisateljice. Kao i u Dnevniku srpske domaćice, autorka nas sjajnim stilom vraća u vreme iza nas. Nije reč o romanu koji teško i oporo analizira to vreme i tako gradi radnju, već o romanu u kome se i sa oporošću i sa vedrinom priča život sam. Junaci smo mi i, verovatno, vreme koje je pred nama.. Genre: nan.
Title: Matter. Author: Bin Ramke, Description: Bin Ramke's poetry has always been concerned with separating the real from the wished-for or the feared. In Matter, Ramke investigates not only the physical realities of our world but the qualities that make things important to us, that give them weight. These poems, often in the voice of a child, are full of yearning and anguish but also an appreciation for the enhanced perceptions and small pleasures to be found among the sadness. All lost things have the same voice, he says, and this universal voice reminds us of home and family and the simple connections of ordinary life - the things that matter. When I was a saint, begins the first poem, I did not have visions but I could see and did note the color of the world. Matter is an examination of and a report on the world's variable colors and possibilities for, if not sanctity, then a certain sanity, a kindness, and some form of salvation.. Genre: Poetry.
Title: Praying Through Life's Problems. Author: Stormie Omartian,Leslie Vernick, Description: In this book, Stormie Omartian shows women how to pray through life's most difficult times.Features Joni Eareckson Tada, Catherine Hart Weber, Linda Mintle, and others.. Genre: Prayer,Christian,Religion,Faith,Nonfiction,Christian,Christian Non Fiction.
Title: Johnny One-Eye: A Tale of the American Revolution. Author: Jerome Charyn, Description: Johnny One-Eye, is bringing about the rediscovery of one of the most "singular and remarkable [careers] in American literature" (Jonathan Yardley, ,Washington Post Book World,). In this picaresque tour de force that reanimates Revolutionary Manhattan through the story of double agent John Stocking, the bastard son of a whorehouse madam and possibly George Washington, Jerome Charyn has given us one of the most memorable historical novels in years. As Johnny seeks to unlock the mystery of his birth and grapples with his allegiances, he falls in love with Clara, a gorgeous, green-eyed octoroon, the most coveted harlot of Gertrude's house. The wild parade of characters he encounters includes Benedict Arnold, the Howe brothers, "Sir Billy" and "Black Dick," and a manipulative Alexander Hamilton.Not since John Barth's ,The Sotweed Factor, and Gore Vidal's ,Burr, has a novel so dramatically re-created America's historical beginnings. Reading group guide included.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Military History,American Revolution,North American Hi...,American History,Historical,Literature,18th Century.
Title: The Binding of God: Calvin's Role in the Development of Covenant Theology. Author: Peter A. Lillback, Description: What was John Calvin's relationship to covenant theology? Tracing the historical development of the covenant idea, this title examines the writings of Calvin for evidence and description of Calvin's covenant thought. It argues that Calvin developed an extensive covenant theology. It is suitable for scholars of the Reformation and the 16th century.. Genre: Religion,Theology,Reference,History,Church,Church History.
Title: Centuria: One Hundred Ouroboric Novels. Author: Giorgio Manganelli,Henry    Martin, Description: Winner of ForeWord Magazine's Book-of-the-Year 2005 Silver Medallion for Translation Note: Three stories appeared in the March 2005 issue of Harpers magazine, and twelve stories in the spring 2005 "Zukofsky" issue of Chicago Review.,Italo Calvino once remarked that in Giorgio Manganelli, "Italian literature has a writer who resembles no one else, unmistakable in each of his phrases, an inventor who is irresistible and inexhaustible in his games with language and ideas." Nowhere is this more true than in this Decameron of fictions, each composed on a single folio sheet of typing paper. Yet, what are they? Miniature psychodramas, prose poems, tall tales, sudden illuminations, malevolent sophistries, fabliaux, paranoiac excursions, existential oxymorons, or wondrous, baleful absurdities? Always provocative, insolent, sinister, and quite often funny, these 100 comic novels are populated by decidedly ordinary lovers, martyrs, killers, thieves, maniacs, emperors, bandits, sleepers, architects, hunters, prisoners, writers, hallucinations, ghosts, spheres, dragons, Doppelgngers, knights, fairies, angels, animal incarnations, and Dreamstuff. Each "novel" construes itself into a kind of Mbius strip, in which, as one critic has noted, "time turns in a circle and bites its tail" like the Ouroborous. In any event, Centuria provides 100 uncategorizable reasons to experience and celebrate an immeasurably wonderful writer. Brilliantly translated from the Italian by Henry Martin.. Genre: Short Stories,Fiction,European Literature,Italian Literature,Cultural,Italy,Magical Realism.
Title: Rio Bravo. Author: Robin      Wood, Description: This volume is a study of the classic western film ,Rio Bravo,, which, according to the author, remains "beyond politics, as an argument as to why we should all want to go on living.". Genre: Culture,Film,Nonfiction,Media Tie In.
Title: Spanish Revival Architecture. Author: S.F. Cook III,Tina Skinner, Description: More than 500 period photographs explore the Spanish Revival movement (1915-1940) in architecture. Original Spanish and Mediterranean buildings inspired partrons on "the grand tour" in Europe to build for themselves these sturdy homes in the 20th century that reflect a strong Mediterranean heritage. Tiled roofs and floors, arched windows and passageways, and stone walls and floors characterize the style. Exquisite details are explored, both inside and out, from residential, commercial, and public projects. Sections in the book focus on exterior details including outdoor rooms and staircases, verandahs, patios, and courtyards, pools, fountains, chimneys, and garden gates. Inside, revel in beamed ceilings, fireplaces, tile details, lighting and flooring. In addition to dozens of private residences, this book tours retail and commercial spaces, churches, schools, libraries, theaters, and private clubs. Work by celebrated architects who helped pioneer the Spanish Revival movement is featured, including George Washington Smith, Wallace Neff, Gordon Kauffman, Morgan, Walls and Clements, and many others. Also, some architectural renderings and floor plans are included. Architects, designers, and remodelers will find inspiration for today's structures on every page.. Genre: nan.
Title: Polskie morderczynie. Author: Katarzyna Bonda, Description: Ich procesy relacjonowały wszystkie media w Polsce. Wykreowały wizerunek złych, zdegenerowanych, pozbawionych ludzkich uczuć, bezlitosnych bestii w często pięknej skórze. Jak to możliwe, że te kobiety wzięły udział w tak brutalnych zbrodniach, same zabiły albo wszystko ze szczegółami zaplanowały, a do wykonania morderstwa posłużyły się rękami mężczyzn? Jakie są? Skąd wzięła się ich agresja?,Zbrodnia podzieliła ich życie na pół. I tak też Katarzyna Bonda starała się je pokazać. Nie usprawiedliwia ich. Nie udowadnia, że nie ma w nich zła. Wiele z tych kobiet po raz pierwszy udzieliło wywiadu, którego odmawiały dziennikarzom latami. Mówią o różnych aspektach życia: o miłości, macierzyństwie, pieniądzach, marzeniach, śmierci...,Ich zbrodnie poznajemy z rozdziałów, które powstały na podstawie akt sądowych.. Genre: Nonfiction,Mystery,Crime,European Literature,Polish Literature,Crime,True Crime,Psychology,Biography.
Title: The Lion's Whiskers: An Ethiopian Folktale. Author: Nancy Raines Day,Ann Grifalconi, Description: Bold collages by a Caldecott Honor-winning artist illuminate a compelling Ethiopian folktale with a positive message about step-parenting. In this lively tale, a woman must pluck three whiskers from a fierce lion's chin in order to win her stepson's trust. Full color.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Folklore,Fiction,Eastern Africa,Ethiopia,Cultural,Africa.
Title: Double Those Wheels. Author: Nancy Raines Day,Steve Haskamp, Description: Monkey is making a very special delivery with a little help from a lot of wheels. Starting with a unicycle, Monkey doubles that wheel so he has two-a bicycle! Doubling again, two wheels become four-a car! The fun multiplies until sixty-four wheels-and a surprise ride-get him to the birthday celebration just in time. , Children fascinated by vehicles will delight in Monkey's gentle adventure. And the lively read-aloud text and bright, graphic illustrations make this introduction to basic multiplication twice as nice. , Illustrated by Steve Haskamp.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Science,Mathematics,Transport,Animals,Childrens,Mathematics,Multiplication,Number,Counting.
Title: Tylko martwi nie kłamią. Author: Katarzyna Bonda, Description: Profiler policyjny musi rozwikłać zagadkę śmierci śmieciowego barona, którego ciało znaleziono w jednej z katowickich kamienic. Wszystkie poszlaki wskazują na biznesowe porachunki, ale Hubert Meyer czuje, że sprawa może mieć związek z morderstwem sprzed 17 lat.. Genre: Mystery,Crime,European Literature,Polish Literature,Mystery,Fiction,Thriller.
Title: Neuroscience and Philosophy: Brain, Mind, and Language. Author: Maxwell Richard Bennett,Daniel C. Dennett,John Rogers Searle,P.M.S. Hacker, Description: In ,Neuroscience and Philosophy, three prominent philosophers and a leading neuroscientist clash over the conceptual presuppositions of cognitive neuroscience. The book begins with an excerpt from Maxwell Bennett and Peter Hacker's ,Philosophical Foundations of Neuroscience, (Blackwell, 2003), which questions the conceptual commitments of cognitive neuroscientists. Their position is then criticized by Daniel Dennett and John Searle, two philosophers who have written extensively on the subject, and Bennett and Hacker in turn respond.,Their impassioned debate encompasses a wide range of central themes: the nature of consciousness, the bearer and location of psychological attributes, the intelligibility of so-called brain maps and representations, the notion of qualia, the coherence of the notion of an intentional stance, and the relationships between mind, brain, and body. Clearly argued and thoroughly engaging, the authors present fundamentally different conceptions of philosophical method, cognitive-neuroscientific explanation, and human nature, and their exchange will appeal to anyone interested in the relation of mind to brain, of psychology to neuroscience, of causal to rational explanation, and of consciousness to self-consciousness.,In his conclusion Daniel Robinson (member of the philosophy faculty at Oxford University and Distinguished Professor Emeritus at Georgetown University) explains why this confrontation is so crucial to the understanding of neuroscientific research. The project of cognitive neuroscience, he asserts, depends on the incorporation of human nature into the framework of science itself. In Robinson's estimation, Dennett and Searle fail to support this undertaking; Bennett and Hacker suggest that the project itself might be based on a conceptual mistake. Exciting and challenging, ,Neuroscience and Philosophy, is an exceptional introduction to the philosophical problems raised by cognitive neuroscience.. Genre: Philosophy,Science,Biology,Neuroscience,Psychology,Nonfiction,Writing,Essays,Academic,Humanities,Language,Neuroscience,Brain.
Title: Wild Health: How Animals Keep Themselves Well and What We Can Learn From Them. Author: Cindy Engel, Description: This is the first book on a fascinating new field in biology -- zoopharmacognosy, or animal self-medication -- and its lessons for humans. When Rachel Carson published SILENT SPRING, few people knew the meaning of the word "ecology." Even fewer people today probably know the meaning of "zoopharmacognosy." But that is about to change. In WILD HEALTH, Cindy Engel explores the extraordinary range of ways animals keep themselves healthy, carefully separating scientifically verifiable fact from folklore, hard data from daydreams. As with holistic medicine for humans, there turns out to be more fact in folklore than was previously thought., How do animals keep themselves healthy? They eat plants that have medicinal properties. They select the right foods for a nutritionally balanced diet, often doing a better job of it than humans do. Animals even seek out psychoactive substances -- they get drunk on fermented fruit, hallucinate on mushrooms, become euphoric with opium poppies. They also manipulate their own reproduction with plant chemistry, using some plants as aphrodisiacs and others to enhance fertility. WILD HEALTH includes scores of remarkable examples of the ways animals medicate themselves.,- Desert tortoises will travel miles to mine and eat the calcium needed to keep their shells strong.,- Monkeys, bears, coatis, and other animals rub citrus oils and pungent resins into their coats as insecticides and antiseptics against insect bites.,- Chimpanzees swallow hairy leaves folded in a certain way to purge their digestive tracts of parasites.,- Birds line their nests with plants that protect their chicks from blood-draining mites and lice., In other words, animals try to keep themselves healthy in many of the same ways humans do; in fact, much of early human medicine, including many practices being revived today as "alternative medicine," arose through observations of animals. And, as WILD HEALTH, animals still have a lot to teach us. We could use a little more wild health ourselves.. Genre: Health,Nonfiction,Science,Food and Drink,Food,Outdoors,Wilderness,Environment,Nature.
Title: Cities For A Small Planet. Author: Richard  Rogers, Description: Nothing else damages the earth’s environment more than our cities. As the world’s population has grown, our cities have burgeoned, and their impact on the environment worsened. Meanwhile, from the isolated, gated communities within Houston and Los Angeles, to the millions of residents of Bombay living in squalor, the city has failed to serve its ideal function—as the cradle of civilization, the engine of culture, and the inspiration for community and citizenship. In ,Cities for a Small Planet,, Sir Richard Rogers, one of the world’s leading architects and the designer of the Pompidou Center in Paris, demonstrates how future cities could provide the springboard for restoring humanity’s harmony with its environment.Rogers outlines the disastrous impact cities have had and will continue to have on our world, from waste-saturated Tokyo Bay, to the massive plumes of pollution caused by London’s traffic, to the depleted water resources of Mexico City. He traces these problems to the underlying social and cultural values that create them—unchecked commercial zeal, selfish individualism, and a lack of community. Bringing to bear concepts such as that of “open-minded” space—places within cities that serve multiple functions such as markets, parks, and sidewalk cafes—he explains how urban design can be used to give citizens a sense of shared experience. The city built with comfortable and safe public space can bring diverse groups together and breed a sense of tolerance, awareness, identity, and mutual respect. He calls for a new theoretical shift in the way cities do business and interact with the environment, arguing that many products come to market and are sold without figuring their social or environmental cost.Rogers goes on to describe the city of the future: one that is sustainable within its own environment; that can make a positive impact on its surroundings; that encourages communication among its citizens; that is compact and focused around neighborhoods; and that is beautiful, a city whose buildings and spaces spark the creative potential of its inhabitants.As our population grows larger, our planet grows smaller. ,Cities for a Small Planet, is a passionate and eloquent blueprint for the cities we must create in response, cities that provide for the needs of both their residents and the earth on which they live.. Genre: Architecture,Cities,Urbanism,Nonfiction,Design,Academic,Cities,Urban Planning.
Title: How We Choose to Be Happy: The 9 Choices of Extremely Happy People--Their Secrets, Their Stories. Author: Rick Foster,Greg Hicks, Description: Now featuring new research and the most current information on the science of happiness, this book presents an outline of the nine choices happy people consistently make.,Also included are tools for self-assessment to allow readers to measure happiness-and to find out what might be holding them back from having more of it. Insightful, intimate, and inspiring, ,How We Choose to Be Happy, lets readers learn by example, and take substantial steps toward joining the ranks of the extremely happy.. Genre: Self Help,Nonfiction,Psychology,Self Help,Personal Development,Spirituality.
Title: Baltimor. Author: Jelena Lengold, Description: Izvrstan roman o tri godišnja doba u životu jedne savremene Beograđanke.,Proleće, leto i jesen koji se opisuju u ovom romanu čine da ova Beograđanka jasnije nego ikada sagleda sav svoj život, a pogotovu da sagleda sopstvenu svakodnevicu.,U toj svakodnevici ona opaža stalno ponavljanje istih stvari, u ljubavi, tako na poslu, u porodici i prijateljstvima, kao i u pokušajima da se pobegne od dosade i ravnodušnosti.,Brižljivo slikajući unutrašnji svet svoje junakinje, Baltimor pripoveda o prostoru između ljubavi i smrti, između intime i praznine, između ćutanja i nerazumevanja, između stvarnosti i Interneta, između beogradske svakodnevice i web kamere koja junakinju odvodi u Baltimor, između pisanja i odlaska kod psihijatra.,Upečatljiva priča o junakinji naših dana.,Jedan od najboljih srpskih romana u poslednjoj deceniji.. Genre: European Literature,Serbian Literature.
Title: The Evolution-Creation Struggle. Author: Michael Ruse, Description: Creation versus evolution: What seems like a cultural crisis of our day, played out in courtrooms and classrooms across the county, is in fact part of a larger story reaching back through the centuries. The views of both evolutionists and creationists originated as inventions of the Enlightenment - two opposed but closely related responses to a loss of religious faith in the Western world. In his latest book, Michael Ruse, a preeminent authority on Darwinian evolutionary thought and a leading participant in the ongoing debate, uncovers surprising similarities between evolutionist and creationist thinking. Exploring the underlying philosophical commitments of evolutionists, he reveals that those most hostile to religion are just as evangelical as their fundamentalist opponents. But more crucially, and reaching beyond the biblical issues at stake, he demonstrates that these two diametrically opposed ideologies have, since the Enlightenment, engaged in a struggle for the privilege of defining human origins, moral values, and the nature of reality. Highlighting modern-day partisans as divergent as Richard Dawkins and Left Behind authors Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. every stripe and belief and offers to all a new and productive way of understanding this unifying, if often bitter, quest.. Genre: Science,Religion,Biology,Evolution,Nonfiction,History,Science,Biology,Philosophy.
Title: Debating Design: From Darwin to DNA. Author: William A. Dembski,Michael Ruse,Paul C.W. Davies,James Barham,John F. Haught,Angus J.L. Menuge,Francisco J. Ayala,Kenneth R. Miller,Elliott Sober,Robert T. Pennock,Stuart A. Kauffman,Bruce H. Weber,David J. Depew,John C. Polkinghorne,Keith Ward,Michael Roberts,Richard Swinburne,Walter L. Bradley,Michael J. Behe,Stephen C. Meyer, Description: William Dembski, Michael Ruse, and other prominent philosophers provide here a comprehensive balanced overview of the debate concerning biological origins--a controversial dialectic since Darwin published The Origin of Species in 1859. Invariably, the source of controversy has been "design." Is the appearance of design in organisms (as exhibited in their functional complexity) the result of purely natural forces acting without prevision or teleology? Or, does the appearance of design signify genuine prevision and teleology, and, if so, is that design empirically detectable and thus open to scientific inquiry? Four main positions have emerged in response to these questions: *Darwinism* *self-organization* *theistic evolution* *intelligent design*. The contributors to this volume define their respective positions in an accessible style, inviting readers to draw their own conclusions. Two introductory essays furnish a historical overview of the debate. William A. Dembski is an associate research professor in the conceptual foundations of science at Baylor University as well as a senior fellow with Seattle's Discovery Institute. His most important books are The Design Inference Cambridge, 1998) and No Free Lunch (Rowman and Littleton, 2002). Michael Ruse is Lucyle T. Wekmeister Professor of Philosophy at Florida State University. He is the author of many books, including Can a Darwinian Be a Christian?: The Relationship Between Science and Religion (Cambridge, 2000).. Genre: Science,Science,Biology,Biology,Evolution,Philosophy,Nonfiction.
Title: Agents Under Fire: Materialism and the Rationality of Science. Author: Angus J.L. Menuge,Michael Ruse, Description: In the first study of its kind, Agents Under Fire defends a robust notion of agency and intentionality against eliminative and naturalistic alternatives, showing the interconnections between the philosophy of mind, theology, and Intelligent Design. Menuge argues that Behe's irreducible complexity is a challenge to reductionism not only in biology, but also in psychology, and shows the inability of the Darwinian psychology proposed by Dawkins, Dennett, and Steven Pinker to explain the integration, unity, direction, and reliability of rational thought. This fascinating defense against scientific materialism is the only book-length study relating Intelligent Design to contemporary issues in the philosophy of mind. Drawing on his experience as both a philosopher and a computer scientist, Menuge deftly shows the reader that the materialist's attempts to rid science of all commitment to teleology can only result in incoherence, and presents instead his own unique argument for the legitimacy of Intelligent Design.. Genre: Philosophy,Science,Pseudoscience,Intelligent Design.
Title: How to Retire Happy, Wild, and Free: Retirement Wisdom That You Won't Get from Your Financial Advisor. Author: Ernie J. Zelinski, Description: Retirement does not have to mean the end of life-in fact it can mean a whole new beginning to the life you never had time to explore. In HOW TO RETIRE HAPPY, WILD, AND FREE, best-selling author Ernie J. Zelinksi shows that the key to enjoying an active and satisfying retirement is dependent on much more than just having adequate financial resources. It means paying attention to all aspects of life, including leisure activities, creative pursuits, physical and mental well-being, and solid social support. With its friendly format, lively cartoons, and captivating quotations, Zelinski'¬?s guide offers inspirational advice on how to follow your dreams instead of someone else'¬?s, how to put your retirement in proper perspective, and how to enjoy life after work. A retirement guide from best-selling author Ernie J. Zelinski. Features tips for taking early retirement; in fact, the earlier the better. Ernie J. Zelinski'¬?s best-selling THE JOY OF NOT WORKING has sold more than 150,000 copies in 15 languages.. Genre: Nonfiction,Economics,Finance,Finance,Personal Finance,Self Help,Business,Currency,Money,How To,Reference,Economics,Spirituality.
Title: A Short Guide to a Happy Life. Author: Anna Quindlen, Description: From the author of ,Blessings ,and, Still Life with Bread Crumbs,, Anna Quindlen’s classic reflection on a meaningful life is the perfect gift for graduation, or any occasion.,“Life is made of moments, small pieces of silver amidst long stretches of tedium. It would be wonderful if they came to us unsummoned, but particularly in lives as busy as the ones most of us lead now, that won’t happen. We have to teach ourselves now to live, really live . . . to love the journey, not the destination.”, In this treasure of a book, Anna Quindlen, the bestselling novelist and columnist, reflects on what it takes to “get a life”—to live deeply every day and from your own unique self, rather than merely to exist through your days. “Knowledge of our own mortality is the greatest gift God ever gives us,” Quindlen writes, “because unless you know the clock is ticking, it is so easy to waste our days, our lives.” Her mother died when Quindlen was nineteen: “It was the dividing line between seeing the world in black and white, and in Technicolor. The lights came on for the darkest possible reason. . . . I learned something enduring, in a very short period of time, about life. And that was that it was glorious, and that you had no business taking it for granted.” But how to live from that perspective, to fully engage in our days? In ,A Short Guide to a Happy Life,, Quindlen guides us with an understanding that comes from knowing how to see the view, the richness in living.. Genre: Nonfiction,Self Help,Autobiography,Memoir,Inspirational,Writing,Essays,Philosophy,Self Help,Personal Development,Psychology,Spirituality,Adult.
Title: Baby Beluga. Author: Raffi Cavoukian, Description: Raffi's signature song and the top seller in his ,Songs to Read, series, ,Baby Beluga ,is now available in a quality board book edition perfect for his youngest fans.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Animals,Music,Poetry,Childrens,Storytime,Fiction,Cultural,Canada,Classics,Kids.
Title: Breakfast at Nine, Tea at Four: Favorite Recipes from Cape Mays Mainstay Inn. Author: Sue Carroll, Description: A collection of more than 150 treasured recipes from Cape May, New Jersey'ss most famous inn. For 25 years innkeeper Sue Carroll has been delighting her guests with her delicious breakfast dishes and the sweets and savories that accompany afternoon tea. Perfect for Sunday brunch entertaining, Breakfast at Nine, Tea at Four recipes are easy to prepare and can be done the evening before freeing the host and hostess for conversation and fun.. Genre: nan.
Title: You Can Be Happy No Matter What: Five Principles for Keeping Life in Perspective. Author: Richard Carlson,Wayne W. Dyer, Description: 'Five principles designed to achieve happiness in the here and now reveal the importance of thought, mood, separate realities, feelings, and the present moment in finding bliss now rather than waiting for it.'.. Genre: Self Help,Nonfiction,Psychology,Self Help,Personal Development,Inspirational,Health,Philosophy,Reference,Audiobook,Relationships.
Title: The Mermaid Summer. Author: Mollie Hunter, Description: About a hundred years ago, they say, a mermaid ruled the cold sea that washed around northern lands. She was beautiful and dangerous, and the fishermen of those parts were careful to speak well of her. All but Eric Anderson, who scorned her very existence—until the day the mermaid smashed his fishing boat against the rocks, nearly killing him and his crew. Eric bid his family good-bye, for after that, no one would sail with him. His grandchildren, Jon and Anna, never stopped missing him; so from the moment they saw the mermaid for themselves, they knew it was up to them to tame her and bring their grandfather home again.... Genre: Fantasy,Mythology,Mermaids,Fiction,Childrens,Young Adult,Childrens,Juvenile,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: The King's Swift Rider: A Novel on Robert the Bruce. Author: Mollie Hunter, Description: Robert the Bruce, King of Scots, led Scotland's rebel army in a thirty-year war against England. Now award-winning author Mollie Hunter tells the story of this legendary king, and of the young man who would become his swift rider and master of espionage. As Scotland's guerrilla campaign gathers bloody momentum, Martin Crawford finds himself deeply entrenched in a war to regain his country's freedom.Picking up the story of Scotland's light for independence ten years after the death of William Wallace (played by Mel Gibson in the Oscar-winning motion picture Braveheart), The King's Swift Rider is an homage to one of history's greatest kings, Robert the Bruce.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Young Adult,Cultural,Scotland,Historical,Historical,Medieval,Childrens,Childrens,Chapter Books,Fiction,War.
Title: Legacies: The Ancient. Author: Howard Ingham,Matthew McFarland,Peter Schaefer, Description: Heritage of the Exiles , After the Fall of Atlantis, mages wandered as exiles in the wilderness, forced to eke a living without the protection of their grand city. With new eyes, they explored the world they had so long ignored, unhindered by Atlantean creed. They discovered that magic was not born in Atlantisit had always existed, hidden in the land itself. Sometimes, even Sleepers knew more of it than mages. From this primal knowledge, the exiles created legacies whose names have reverberated throughout time. , A sourcebook for Mage: The AwakeningT , • 13 new legacies for players to choose from , • Long-awaited details on many legacies introduced in the Mage rulebook, from the Dreamspeakers to the Thrice-Great , • Includes 2 "Left-Handed" legaciesmages who follow a dark pathand 1 "techgnostic" legacies, for mages who mix magic and technology. Genre: Games,Gaming,Role Playing Games,World Of Darkness,Games,Role Playing Games.
Title: Among the Wonderful. Author: Stacy Carlson, Description: In 1842 Phineas T. Barnum is a young man, freshly arrived in New York and still unknown to the world. With uncanny confidence and impeccable timing, he transforms a dusty natural history museum into a great ark for public imagination. Barnum's museum, with its human wonders and extraordinary live animal menagerie, rises to become not only the nation's most popular attraction, but also a catalyst that ushers America out of a culture of glassed-in exhibits and into the modern age of entertainment.,In this kaleidoscopic setting, the stories of two compelling characters are brought to life. Emile Guillaudeu is the museum's grumpy taxidermist, who is horrified by the chaotic change Barnum brings to his beloved institution. Ana Swift is a professional giantess plagued by chronic pain and jaded by a world of gawkers. The differences between these two are many: one is isolated and spends his working hours making dead things look alive, while the other has people pushing against her, and reacting to her, every day. But they both move toward change, one against his will, propelled by a paradigm shift happening whether he likes it or not, and the other because she is struggling to survive. In many shapes and forms, metamorphosis is at the core of ,Among the Wonderful,. Pursuing this theme, the book weaves a world where upper Manhattan is still untrammeled wilderness, the Five Points is at the height of its bloody glory, and within the walls of Barnum's museum, ancient tribal feuds play out in the midst of an unlikely community of marvels.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Historical,Literature,19th Century,Literary Fiction,New York,Museology,Museums,Adult,Adult Fiction,Unfinished.
Title: Blue/Orange. Author: Joe Penhall, Description: In a London psychiatric hospital, an enigmatic patient claims to be the son of an African dictator - a story that becomes unnervingly plausible. An incendiary tale of race, madness and a Darwinian power struggle at the heart of a dying National Health Service, Blue/Orange premiered at London's Cottesloe Theatre in April 2000 and transferred to the West End in 2001.. Genre: Plays,Plays,Theatre,Drama.
Title: An Orange Revolution: A Personal Journey Through Ukrainian History. Author: Askold Krushelnycky, Description: In December 2004, the world watched as hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians gathered to defy the results of a transparently rigged presidential election. The charismatic popular candidate, Viktor Yushchenko, had been poisoned and disfigured by his opponents. The security forces threatened violent repression. But the demonstrators stayed and, as international pressure grew, the corrupt old regime that had been supported by Putin's Kremlin was deposed. It was the most significant moment for Europe since the fall of the Berlin Wall.,An Orange Revolution, is the gripping account of this historic uprising and the events that led to it. Ukraine was treated roughly by the twentieth century, occupied by the Germans and annexed by the Soviets. It saw guerrilla fighting after the Second World War and dissent was crushed by successive Communist administrations. Its history has been one of corruption, power struggles, organised crime, but a resiliently optimistic population.,Based on firsthand observation and interviews with major players and anonymous demonstrators alike, this is about a people who have forced a lasting change: judges who defied death threats, a murdered journalist, amateur musicians who composed an anthem for the people, and soldiers who staked their lives to back the opposition. ,An Orange Revolution ,also traces the story of the author's family, who paid a high price for speaking out. ,An Orange Revolution ,is a captivating book about a defining moment in European history.. Genre: Cultural,Ukraine,History.
Title: Mind Over Muscle: Writings from the Founder of Judo. Author: Jigoro Kano, Description: In 1882 Jigoro Kano (1860-1938) founded Kodokan Judo at Eishoji Temple in Tokyo. It was the culmination of a lifelong devotion to the jujutsu of the past, which he reorganized while taking great care to retain its classical traditions. Historically, martial arts were practiced only by the elite in Japan. Kano, a renowned educator as well as a sportsman, is credited with popularizing the martial arts, and in particular, judo, among people in all levels of society.,When he was young, Kano studied jujutsu, a martial art practiced in Japan since feudal times, which involved throwing, hitting, kicking, stabbing, slashing, choking, bending and twisting limbs-and defenses against these attacks. After years of studying, he realized that although many different jujutsu techniques were taught, there was no one core value holding them together. Kano identified an all-pervasive principle- to make the most efficient use of mental and physical energy-and combined only those techniques in which this principle was correctly applied into modern judo. "Ju" means gentleness or giving way. "Do" means principle or the way. Judo, therefore is the Way of Gentleness, which implies that first giving way leads to ultimate victory. The Kodokan is literally, "the school for studying the Way." This book is a collection of Kano's essential teachings, selected and compiled from his wealth of writings and lectures spanning a period of fifty-one years. Today the International Judo Federation has 187 member countries and regions. As an official sport of the Olympic Games, judo has inspired young people of all nationalities, and Kodokan is universally recognized as the Mecca of Judo.. Genre: Combat,Martial Arts,Philosophy,War,Psychology,Nonfiction,Biography.
Title: Murder at Willow Slough. Author: Josh Thomas, Description: Jamie Foster has a lot going for him—he’s young, blond and handsome, with an exciting career as a journalist. Then his life falls apart.,Kent Kessler is a winner, too, a good-looking athlete and the youngest sergeant in state police history. Assigned to investigate a Gay murder, he comes up clueless. He teams with Jamie to track down the killer, and soon confronts a mind-boggling conspiracy.. Genre: Romance,M M Romance,Mystery,Suspense,Mystery,Crime,Contemporary,LGBT,Gay Romance,Gay For You,Romance.
Title: Detektiv Conan 67. Author: Gosho Aoyama,Josef Shanel,Matthias Wissnet, Description: Conan & Co. werden in einem Kaufhaus in ein Bombenattentat verwickelt … Aber dort finden sich auch noch ganz andere Herrschaften ein: Shuichi Akai, Subaru Okiya und auch Gin!! Die Situation ist also in jeder Hinsicht explosiv, wird Conan einen kühlen Kopf bewahren können?! Natürlich wird auch noch der Mordfall um die Gothic-Lolita vom letzten Mal aufgelöst, und auch die Romanze zwischen Kommissar Shiratori und Fräulein Kobayashi macht Fortschritte!. Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Mystery,Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Komik,Fiction,Manga,Shonen,Mystery,Detective,Young Adult,Comics Manga,Asian Literature,Indonesian Literature.
Title: Jesus the Jewish Theologian. Author: Brad H. Young, Description: "Jesus the Jewish Theologian "establishes Jesus firmly within the context of first-century Judaism and shows how understanding Jesus' Jewishness is crucial for interpreting the New Testament and for understanding the nature of Christian faith. Insights from Jewish literature, archeology, and tradition help modern readers place Jesus within his original context. Particular attention is given to the Jewish roots of Jesus' teaching concerning the kingdom of God.." . . this book illuminates anew how "Jewish" Jesus was. That should come as no surprise to Jews or to Christians, although it often does. Jesus grew from the soil of his people. In reading this book I was struck again and again with how Jesus' teachings were paralleled in my own tradition. . . . Dr. Young's book is not intended to diminish Jesus' teaching, but to show its roots."," Rabbi David Wolpe, University of Judaism, Los Angeles,"Dr. Young . . . permits the words of Jesus to glisten within their own Semitic setting. . . . [He] has done his readers a great service in introducing them to Jewish theological thought. . . . What emerges, however, is not "Jesus the Jewish theologian" in any Western, systematic sense. Rather, in Jesus, Dr. Young presents an Eastern or Semitic theologian, one who employs a living, vibrant theology. . . ."," Marvin R. Wilson, Gordon College. Genre: Religion,Theology,Religion,Christianity,Christian,Nonfiction,Religion,Spirituality,Reference,Christianity,New Testament,Religion,Judaism,History.
Title: Patients and Healers in the Context of Culture: An Exploration of the Borderland between Anthropology, Medicine, and Psychiatry. Author: Arthur Kleinman, Description: From the Preface, by Arthur Kleinman:Patients and Healers in the Context of Culture presents a theoretical framework for studying the relationship between medicine, psychiatry, and culture. That framework is principally illustrated by materials gathered in field research in Taiwan and, to a lesser extent, from materials gathered in similar research in Boston. The reader will find this book contains a dialectical tension between two reciprocally related orientations: it is both a cross-cultural (largely anthropological) perspective on the essential components of clinical care and a clinical perspective on anthropological studies of medicine and psychiatry. That dialectic is embodied in my own academic training and professional life, so that this book is a personal statement. I am a psychiatrist trained in anthropology. I have worked in library, field, and clinic on problems concerning medicine and psychiatry in Chinese culture. I teach cross-cultural psychiatry and medical anthropology, but I also practice and teach consultation psychiatry and take a clinical approach to my major cross-cultural teaching and research involvements. The theoretical framework elaborated in this book has been applied to all of those areas; in turn, they are used to illustrate the theory. Both the theory and its application embody the same dialectic. The purpose of this book is to advance both poles of that dialectic: to demonstrate the critical role of social science (especially anthropology and cross-cultural studies) in clinical medicine and psychiatry and to encourage study of clinical problems by anthropologists and other investigators involved in cross-cultural research.. Genre: Anthropology,Health,Health Care,Health,Medicine,Psychology,Nonfiction.
Title: Icons of Fashion: The 20th Century. Author: Gerda Buxbaum, Description: Now available in an attractively priced flexi edition, this best-selling book is an opulent and absorbing overview of the fashion world throughout the twentieth century. From Coco Chanel to Christian Dior, Kenzo to Versace, grunge to haute couture, every period and major name in twentieth-century fashion is included in this comprehensive collection of fascinating photographs, drawings, and texts. Organized into sections according to style, it features double-page spreads highlighting every aspect of fashion: designers, models, critics, and fashion photographers. Gorgeous images by Peter Lindbergh, Nick Knight, Mario Testino, and others capture the attitudes and artistry of fashion as it evolved over the decades. As glamorous as its subject, this colourful survey will provide inspiration for anyone fascinated with the world of fashion.. Genre: Couture,Fashion,Nonfiction.
Title: Curation Nation: How to Win in a World Where Consumers Are Creators. Author: Steven Rosenbaum, Description: Business Leaders Are Buzzing About ,Curation Nation,"An indispensible guide to the brave new media world.", ,--Arianna Huffington, editor in chief, ,the Huffington Post,"Gives me hope for the future of the Information Age. Rosenbaum argues for the growing importance of people--creative, smart, hip--who can spot trends, find patterns, and make meaning out of the flood of data that threatens to overwhelm us.", ,--Daniel H. Pink, ,New York Times, bestselling author of ,Drive,"A testament to the strategic mind of a genius and a road map for developing engaging consumer experiences by curating content around your brand.", ,--Bonin Bough, Global Director, Digital and Social Media, PepsiCo,"Perfectly on-trend--an insightful guide to the future. So entertaining you won't put it down.",--Chris Meyer, author of ,Blur,"Read this book. Embrace curation, and you'll be ready to 'crush it' with focus and passion in the noisy new world of massive data overload." ,--Gary Vaynerchuk, ,New York Times, bestselling author of ,Crush It,"Provides a wealth of real-world examples of how businesses can use the Web to give their customers a valuable curated experience.", ,--Tony Hsieh, CEO, Zappos.com, and ,New York Times, bestselling author of ,Delivering Happiness,"Our best hope for sorting the good from the mediocre in our increasingly overwhelming media landscape.", ,--Clay Shirky, author of ,Cognitive Surplus, and ,Here Comes Everybody,About the Book: ,Let's face it, we're drowning in data. Our inboxes are flooded with spam, we have too many "friends" on Facebook, and our Twitter accounts have become downright unmanageable. Creating content is easy; finding what matters is hard.,Fortunately, there is a new magic that makes the Web work. It's called curation, and it enables people to sort through the digital excess and find what's relevant.,In ,Curation Nation,, Steven Rosenbaum reveals why brands, publishers, and content entrepreneurs must embrace aggregation and curation to grow an existing business or launch a new one. In fact, he asserts that curation is the only way to be competitive in the future.,Overwhelmed by too much content, people are hungry for an experience that both takes advantage of the Web's breadth and depth and provides a measure of human sorting and filtering that search engines simply can't achieve. In these shifting sands lies an extraordinary business opportunity: you can become a trusted source of value in an otherwise meaningless chaos of digital noise.,In ,Curation Nation,, Rosenbaum "curates the curators" by gathering together priceless insight and advice from the top thinkers in media, advertising, publishing, commerce, and Web technologies. This groundbreaking book levels the playing field, giving your business equal access to the content abundance presently driving consumer adoption of the Web.,As the sheer volume of digital information in the world increases, the demand for quality and context becomes more urgent. Curation will soon be a part of your business and your digital world. Understand it now, join in early, and reap the many benefits ,Curation Nation, has to offer.,Learn more at CurationNation.org.. Genre: Nonfiction,Business,Computers,Internet,Social Science,Social Media,Museology,Curation.
Title: The Persecutor. Author: Sergei Kourdakov, Description: The Persecutor, (alternatively titled ,Forgive Me Natasha, or ,Sergei,; known as ,El Esbirro, in Spanish) is the autobiography of Sergei Kourdakov. It details his early life and life as a KGB agent persecuting Christians in the Soviet Union, as well as his defection to Canada. The first draft of this book was finished shortly before his sudden death on January 1, 1973.. Genre: Biography,Nonfiction,Christian,History,Cultural,Russia,Religion,Faith,Biography,Autobiography,Autobiography,Memoir,Biography Memoir,Historical.
Title: The Philosophy of Jean-Paul Sartre. Author: Jean-Paul Sartre, Description: This unique selection presents the essential elements of Sartre's lifework -- organized systematically and made available in one volume for the first time in any language.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction.
Title: Methods of Homological Algebra. Author: Sergei I. Gelfand, Description: This modern approach to homological algebra by two leading writers in the field is based on the systematic use of the language and ideas of derived categories and derived functors. It describes relations with standard cohomology theory and provides complete proofs. Coverage also presents basic concepts and results of homotopical algebra. This second edition contains numerous corrections.. Genre: Science,Mathematics,Mathematics,Algebra.
Title: The creeds of Nicea; Constantinople; Athanasius; with extracts and remarks bearing on the .... Author: Nicene creed, Description: nan. Genre: Christian.
Title: Kilala Princess, Vol. 02. Author: Rika Tanaka,Nao Kodaka, Description: Meet Kilala, an ordinary girl who loves all the Disney Princesses. When she awakens a sleeping prince named Rei, she magically gains the power of the princesses! Rei is searching for the missing princess of his world, and has a magical tiara that will lead him to her. But before Kilala can help him find the missing princess and restore peace to his world, Kilala's best friend, Erica, is kidnapped by mysterious men! So, with the help of the magical tiara and Rei, Kilala sets off on a quest to find her!. Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Fantasy,Romance,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Mythology,Mermaids,Adventure,Manga,Shojo,Fantasy,Magic,Young Adult.
Title: Prague in Black and Gold: Scenes from the Life of a European City. Author: Peter Demetz, Description: Prague is at the core of everything both wonderful and terrible in Western history, but few people truly understand this city's unique culture. In ,Prague in Black and Gold,, Peter Demetz strips away sentimentalities and distortions and shows how Czechs, Germans, Italians, and Jews have lived and worked together for over a thousand years. .. Genre: History,Nonfiction,Travel,History,European History,European Literature,Czech Literature,Geography,Cities,Cultural,Reference,Research,Historical,Unfinished.
Title: Vuoden pimein päivä: yön ja hämärän tarinoita. Author: Boris Hurtta, Description: Boris Hurtta on nykyisin tunnetuin suomalainen kauhukirjailija. Hänen todellisuutta lähellä olevat kauhu- ja fantasiatarinansa ovat alan fanzineissa olleet jo 20 vuotta maineikkaita: erilaisia palkintoja on tullut paljon, ja vuosittaisessa Atorox-listassa on joka vuosi ollut mukana vähintään yksi Hurtan tarina. Boris Hurtta jatkaa nykykirjailijoista lähes yksin aitoa kauhukertomusten perinnettä, vaikka tuo usein tarinansa nykyaikaan. Hurttaa voi hyvällä syyllä pitää suomalaisen kauhun kuninkaana - ja myös Marton Taigan ja Outsiderin perillisenä, aitojen ja viihdyttävien seikkailukertomusten suvereenina kirjoittajana. Hurtan omalaatuinen tekstiin sisältyvä huumori on jo käsite: "hurttamaiseksi" nimittämisen ovat muut kirjoittajat kokeneet jo vuosien ajan todelliseksi kunniamaininnaksi.. Genre: European Literature,Finnish Literature,Fiction,Horror,Short Stories.
Title: Blue Jelly: Love Lost & the Lessons of Canning. Author: Debby Bull, Description: Take a hip writer and a hilarious search for an end to depression, and then toss in some wild huckleberries: you get into a very interesting jam... Its a funny route out of the kind of heartache every person has felt who's had a relationship, no matter how bad, come to a screeching halt. Debby Bull learns not only that depression can send you off on new adventures, but that for anything to turn out - especially jelly - it takes patience. With fifteen authentic canning recipes, Blue Jelly is the perfect panacea for anyone who's been searching for the light at the end of the tunnel.. Genre: Autobiography,Memoir,Nonfiction,Food and Drink,Food,Food and Drink,Foodie,Humor,Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Food and Drink,Cooking,Food and Drink,Food Writing.
Title: The Paradox Men. Author: Charles L. Harness,Brian W. Aldiss, Description: The Paradox Men is a science-fiction classic of its kind - a full-blooded adventure story of derring-do and distressed damsels, set after the Third Great War when North and South America are united into one country: Imperial America. A slave state run by a small noble elite who flaunt their wealth by using, and abusing, the one commodity that only the rich can have: human labour. But working underground, persecuted by the police, is an organization dedicated to the overthrow of government and the existing way of life and the establishment of freedom'. 'The Society of Thieves was the only organization that flouted authority in America Imperial: they robbed the rich to buy freedom for the slaves. They were well equipped and trained for their job and had friends and informers in high places ready to reveal where the wealth of the nobles was hidden. And Alar was the best Thief of them all - for he had senses not found in ordinary men, senses that accurately warned him when danger was near. But Alar had amnesia and did not know his true identity though sometimes he sensed that there was a purpose in his actions that was not entirely his own volition. When Keiris, wife of the Imperial Chancellor saw him, she sensed that he was something special and helped him to elude pursuit even though it put her own life in danger. And in trips to the Moon and even the Sun itself, Alar begins to see what part he is destined to play in the struggle for men's freedom.. Genre: Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Time Travel,Fiction,Space,Space Opera,Science Fiction Fantasy,Novels,Adventure.
Title: Langenscheidt Universal Spanish Dictionary: Spanish-English / English-Spanish. Author: Langenscheidt, Description: Dictionaries in this Universal line are complete, concise, and priced to sell. They are small enough for your pocket or purse, yet comprehensive enough for classroom use or casual conversation.. Genre: Reference.
Title: Through No Fault of My Own: A Girl's Diary of Life on Summit Avenue in the Jazz Age. Author: Coco Irvine,Peg Meier, Description: On Christmas Day, 1926, twelve-year-old Clotilde “Coco” Irvine received a blank diary as a present. Coco loved to write—and to get into scrapes—and her new diary gave her the opportunity to explain her side of the messes she created: “I’m in deep trouble through no fault of my own,” her entries frequently began. The daughter of a lumber baron, Coco grew up in a twenty-room mansion on fashionable Summit Avenue at the peak of the Jazz Age, a time when music, art, and women’s social status were all in a state of flux and the economy was still flying high.,Coco’s diary carefully records her adventures, problems, and romances, written with a lively wit and a droll sense of humor. Whether sneaking out to a dance hall in her mother’s clothes or getting in trouble for telling an off-color joke, Coco and her escapades will captivate and delight preteen readers as well as their mothers and grandmothers.,Peg Meier’s introduction describes St. Paul life in the 1920s and provides context for the privileged world that Coco inhabits, while an afterword tells what happens to Coco as an adult—and reveals surprises about some of the other characters in the diary.. Genre: Nonfiction,History,Autobiography,Memoir,Biography,Childrens,Biography Memoir,Historical,Young Adult,Teen,Diary.
Title: The Emperor's Edge. Author: Lindsay Buroker, Description: The adventure starts here...,Imperial law enforcer Amaranthe Lokdon is good at her job: she can deter thieves and pacify thugs, if not with a blade, then by toppling an eight-foot pile of coffee canisters onto their heads. But when ravaged bodies show up on the waterfront, an arson covers up human sacrifices, and a powerful business coalition plots to kill the emperor, she feels a tad overwhelmed. ,Worse, Sicarius, the empire's most notorious assassin, is in town. He's tied in with the chaos somehow, but Amaranthe would be a fool to cross his path. Unfortunately, her superiors order her to hunt him down. Either they have an unprecedented belief in her skills... or someone wants her dead.. Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Steampunk,Mystery,Fiction,Adventure,Fantasy,Magic,Science Fiction,Romance,Adult,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy.
Title: The Unemployed People's Movement: Leftists, Liberals, and Labor in Georgia, 1929-1941. Author: James J. Lorence, Description: In Georgia during the Great Depression, jobless workers united with the urban poor, sharecroppers, and tenant farmers. In a collective effort that cut across race and class boundaries, they confronted an unresponsive political and social system and helped shape government policies. James J. Lorence adds significantly to our understanding of this movement, which took place far from the northeastern and midwestern sites we commonly associate with Depression-era labor struggles.Drawing on extensive archival research, including newly accessible records of the Communist Party of the United States, Lorence details interactions between various institutional and grassroots players, including organized labor, the Communist Party, the Socialist Party, liberal activists, and officials at every level of government. He shows, for example, how the Communist Party played a more central role than previously understood in the organization of the unemployed and the advancement of labor and working-class interests in Georgia. Communists gained respect among the jobless, especially African Americans, for their willingness to challenge officials, help negotiate the welfare bureaucracy, and gain access to New Deal social programs.,Lorence enhances our understanding of the struggles of the poor and unemployed in a Depression-era southern state. At the same time, we are reminded of their movement's lasting legacy: the shift in popular consciousness that took place as Georgians, "influenced by a new sense of entitlement fostered by the unemployed organizations," began to conceive of new, more-equal relations with the state.. Genre: History,Labor.
Title: The Making of a Social Disease: Tuberculosis in Nineteenth-Century France. Author: David S. Barnes, Description: In this first English-language study of popular and scientific responses to tuberculosis in nineteenth-century France, David Barnes provides a much-needed historical perspective on a disease that is making an alarming comeback in the United States and Europe. Barnes argues that French perceptions of the disease—ranging from the early romantic image of a consumptive woman to the later view of a scourge spread by the poor—owed more to the power structures of nineteenth-century society than to medical science. By 1900, the war against tuberculosis had become a war against the dirty habits of the working class.,Lucid and original, Barnes's study broadens our understanding of how and why societies assign moral meanings to deadly diseases.. Genre: History,Nonfiction.
Title: Ben's Dream. Author: Chris Van Allsburg, Description: On a terrifically rainy day, Ben has a dream in which he and his house float by the monuments of the world, half submerged in flood-water.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Fantasy,Fiction,Science,Geography,Adventure.
Title: Peace Corps at 50: Stories of Service in the Americas: I Was There. Author: Pat Alter,Bernie Alter, Description: Take some Inca, Aztec, Maya, and Moche, mix in Spanish, French, English, Dutch and Danish, stir it to the rhythmic beat of Africa and what do you get? A zesty brew, expressed in a callaloo soup of language, food, music, and religion. So much passion, so much sorrow. What seems familiar in the Americas often is not. For Peace Corps Volunteers, there is nothing to do but learn the language, roll up their sleeves, and get busy working alongside strangers who steal their hearts away. These stories take you on overland journeys to the Amazon Basin, into a village in Honduras terrorized by insurgent forces, and to the ball fields of Ecuador for an unusual game of "beisbol.". Genre: nan.
Title: Med-Surg Success: A Q&A Review Applying Critical Thinking to Test Taking (Davis's Q&a Series). Author: Kathryn Cadenhead Colgrove, Description: The road to nursing success begins here! A complete review of core concepts. More than 2,265 classroom-tested, NCLEX -style questions. (Alternate-item format, too!) Test-taking hints and rationales for correct and incorrect answers. TWO BOOKS IN ONE! Course review now. NCLEX -prep later. Assure your mastery of medical surgical nursing knowledge while honing your critical thinking and test-taking skills. The 2nd Edition of this popular resource features 2,000 questions that reflect the latest advances in medical-surgical nursing and the new, 2010 NCLEX-RN test plan. The seemingly huge volume of information you must master has been organized into manageable sections divided by body systems and specific diseases. Each chapter is a self-contained unit. For each practice question, you ll find the answer, rationales for correct and incorrect responses, and a test-taking tip. The comprehensive exam at the end of each chapter assesses your strengths and weaknesses, identifying areas for further study. The bonus CD-ROM, featuring 265 questions, offers an interactive approach to course review and exam preparation. Click Here for a Special Mail-In Rebate Offer. Genre: Nurses,Nursing.
Title: The Beauties. Author: Anton Chekhov, Description: Chekhov's genius lies in the way he manages to convey with such apparent effortlessness a profound sense of the mystery of beauty, and of the sadness of those who observe and think. The narrator of this apparently inconsequential tale fixes on exactly the right details, from a myriad of possible ones, to strike at the heart. It's a masterpiece of minimalism.,A schoolboy is accompanying his grandfather as they drive in their carriage along a dusty road across the steppe on a sultry August day. They stop for refreshment at the house of an Armenian friend of the grandfather. The boy, the grandfather and their Ukrainian driver are all struck by the beauty of the Armenian's daughter.,Some years later, now a student, the boy is on a train that stops for some minutes at a country station. He gets out to stretch his legs, and sees a girl on the platform talking to someone in one of the carriages. She is very beautiful. ,It's about as spare and empty of plot as a story could be; two impressions that barely even amount to anecdote. Like Waiting for Godot, it's a story in which nothing happens, twice.. Genre: Short Stories,Fiction,Cultural,Russia,Literature,Russian Literature,Classics,Literature,Romance,Classics,Classic Literature,Literature,European Literature,Audiobook.
Title: The Eighteen-Carat Kid, and Other Stories. Author: P.G. Wodehouse,David A. Jasen, Description: nan. Genre: Humor.
Title: The Wall. Author: Jean-Paul Sartre, Description: 'The Wall', the lead story in this collection, introduces three political prisoners on the night prior to their execution. Through the gaze of an impartial doctor--seemingly there for the men's solace--their mental descent is charted in exquisite, often harrowing detail. And as the morning draws inexorably closer, the men cross the psychological wall between life and death, long before the first shot rings out.,This brilliant snapshot of life in anguish is the perfect introduction to a collection of stories where the neurosis of the modern world is mirrored in the lives of the people that inhabit it.. Genre: Philosophy,Fiction,Short Stories,Classics,Cultural,France,European Literature,French Literature,Literature,Novels,Psychology,Literature,20th Century.
Title: The Reluctant Art. Author: Benny Green, Description: The Reluctant Art,, first published in 1962 and long out-of-print, stands as one of the most important books on the art of jazz. Comprising five studies—of Bix Beiderbecke, Benny Goodman, Lester Young, Billie Holiday, and Charlie Parker (with the addition of an essay of Art Tatum for this new edition)—Benny Green's humorous, eloquent, and often angry book attempts to point out the gulf between the reality of the jazz musician and his music, on the one hand, and the romantic conceits of early jazz writing and fandom, on the other. Green, himself an excellent early jazz musician, was one of the first jazz writers to bring to the task firsthand knowledge of the music, and this illuminates his understanding of the factors involved in jazz innovation. He discusses jazz in terms of musical and social history, retelling the over-mythologized stories of these great artists with a unique combination of joyous irreverence and acute critical insight, of inspired metaphors and masterly knowledge. Benny Green's classic book swings with the same energy and passion as the timeless music it discusses.. Genre: Music.
Title: Wacousta; or, A Tale of the Canadas. Author: John   Richardson,James Reaney, Description: Set in the 1760s at the time of Pontiac’s Indian alliance against the British, ,Wacousta, combines elements of revenge tragedy and gothic romance in reconstructing a violent episode in Canadian frontier history. In Major John Richardson’s vivid depiction, Pontiac’s campaign against Fort Detroit is masterminded by the mysterious Wacousta, a Byronic anti-hero whose thirst for vengeance against the fortress commander borders on madness. Turning upon binary oppositions – garrison against wilderness, restraint against passion, mercy against justice – this suspenseful novel creates a world of deception and terror in which motive is ambiguous and the boundary between order and anarchy unclear.. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,Canada,Classics,Literature,Canadian Literature,Literature,Academic,Read For School,Horror,Historical.
Title: Assata: An Autobiography. Author: Assata Shakur,Angela Y. Davis,Lennox S. Hinds, Description: On May 2, 1973, Black Panther Assata Shakur (aka JoAnne Chesimard) lay in a hospital, close to death, handcuffed to her bed, while local, state, and federal police attempted to question her about the shootout on the New Jersey Turnpike that had claimed the life of a white state trooper. Long a target of J. Edgar Hoover's campaign to defame, infiltrate, and criminalize Black nationalist organizations and their leaders, Shakur was incarcerated for four years prior to her conviction on flimsy evidence in 1977 as an accomplice to murder.,This intensely personal and political autobiography belies the fearsome image of JoAnne Chesimard long projected by the media and the state. With wit and candor, Assata Shakur recounts the experiences that led her to a life of activism and portrays the strengths, weaknesses, and eventual demise of Black and White revolutionary groups at the hand of government officials. The result is a signal contribution to the literature about growing up Black in America that has already taken its place alongside ,The Autobiography of Malcolm X, and the works of Maya Angelou.,Two years after her conviction, Assata Shakur escaped from prison. She was given political asylum by Cuba, where she now resides.. Genre: Nonfiction,Autobiography,Memoir,Biography,Race,History,Feminism,Biography,Autobiography,Politics,Social Movements,Social Justice,Cultural,African American.
Title: First Wave. Author: Brian Azzarello,Rags Morales,Phil Noto, Description: First Wave introduces a new generation to pulp characters of yesteryear through the eyes of Eisner Award winning author Brian Azzarello. Doc Savage, The Spirit and The Bat-Man join forces to stop a secret organization, the Golden Tree, from taking over a world distracted by war.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Dc Comics,Batman,Superheroes,Dc Comics,Comics,Comic Book,Pulp,Action,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Superheroes,Fiction.
Title: Still Black, Still Strong: Survivors of the U.S. War Against Black Revolutionaries. Author: Dhoruba Bin Wahad,Assata Shakur,Mumia Abu-Jamal, Description: An essential document of the Black Panther Party written by three leading thinkers and party activists who were jailed following the FBI'S 1969 mandate to destroy the organization "by any means possible.",Still Black, Still Strong, is partly based upon the 1989 videotape Framing The Panthers by producers Chris Bratton and Annie Goldson. It recounts the stories of Dhoruba Bin Wahad, Mumia Abu-Jamal and Assata Shakur, all of whom were arrested and jailed during the COINTELPRO probe of the Black Panther Party.,Dhoruba Bin Wahad, who organized chapters of the Black Panther Party in New York and along the Estern Seaboard and worked with tenants in Harlem and on drug rehabilitation in the Bronx, was accused of murdering two officers while still in his teens and imprisoned for 19 years. He always maintained his innocence and won his freedom by forcing the FBI to release thousands of classified documents proving that he had been framed. The justice department eventually rescinded Bin Wahad's conviction and he was released in 1990, seven months after the documentary premiered.,Mumia Abu-Jamal, a journalist who headed the Black Panther free breakfast program for inner-city school children in Philadelphia, was also accused of the murder of an officer and sent on death-row, where he still is today.,Assata Shakur was a college educated social worker in her twenties when she was accused of shooting a cop, then arrested and tortured and denied medical treatment. Her interview was conducted in Cuba where she has been exiled since her escape from a New Jersey women's prison in 1975.,Bin Wahad, Shakur and Abu-Jamal offer a little-known history and an incisive analysis of the Black Panthers' original goals, which the U.S. Government has tried to distort and suppress. As one confidential, 1969, memo to J. Edgar Hoover put it, "The Negro youth and moderates must be made to understand that if they succumb to revolutionary teaching, they will be dead revolutionaries.". Genre: Race,Nonfiction,Cultural,African American,Politics,Literature,Black Literature.
Title: Getting Control: Overcoming Your Obsessions and Compulsions. Author: Lee Baer,Judith L. Rapoport, Description: Six million Americans suffer from Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD), and they know firsthand the often devastating effects it has on their lives. Some symptoms, such as the nagging feeling you have left the stovetop burner on, can be mildly distracting. Yet others, like compulsive hand washing, the inability to throw anything out, or nerve-racking feelings of guilt, can be completely paralyzing and make it nearly impossible for sufferers to lead healthy lives. ,Dr. Lee Baer, gives readers the tools to assess their own symptoms, set goals, and create therapeutic programs for themselves. He also helps readers differentiate between OCD and other psychological illnesses such as depression. From the latest treatments to important facts on the medications currently available and how they work, ,Getting Control, is thorough, concise, and positive--a lifesaver for anyone whose well-being is affected by OCD.. Genre: Psychology,Nonfiction,Health,Mental Health,Self Help,Health.
Title: Tamed by a Highlander. Author: Paula Quinn, Description: A LOVER'S PROMISE,Connor Grant left his first love in the Highlands, vowing to return after serving in the king's army. Seven years later, he is still fighting for the crown, and his victories are legendary-both in the battlefield and in the bedroom. Yet he's never forgotten his bonnie lass. And he certainly never expected to see her amidst the splendor of the British royal court: beautiful, breathtaking, and tempting him past the point of no return.,A LADY'S DESTINY ,The night he left, Mairi MacGregor banished Connor from her life forever. Now her heart belongs only to Scotland. As part of a secret alliance, she journeys to London in search of information . . . only to find herself face to face with the one man she swore she'd never trust again. Though Mairi's body still craves Connor's touch, she can't forgive his betrayal. But a traitor lurks in their midst and to protect her beloved Highlands, Mairi must make a leap of faith and join forces with Connor-even if it means losing her heart to him again.. Genre: Romance,Historical Romance,Romance,Historical,Historical,Historical Fiction,Cultural,Scotland,Audiobook,Fiction,Historical,Medieval,Adult,Mystery.
Title: The Language of Flowers. Author: Vanessa Diffenbaugh, Description: The Victorian language of flowers was used to convey romantic expressions: honeysuckle for devotion, asters for patience, and red roses for love. But for Victoria Jones, it’s been more useful in communicating mistrust and solitude. After a childhood spent in the foster-care system, she is unable to get close to anybody, and her only connection to the world is through flowers and their meanings. Now eighteen and emancipated from the system with nowhere to go, Victoria realizes she has a gift for helping others through the flowers she chooses for them. But an unexpected encounter with a mysterious stranger has her questioning what’s been missing in her life. And when she’s forced to confront a painful secret from her past, she must decide whether it’s worth risking everything for a second chance at happiness., , Look for special features inside. Join the Circle for author chats and more.. Genre: Fiction,Romance,Contemporary,Book Club,Adult Fiction,Adult,Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Audiobook,Realistic Fiction,Novels.
Title: Brother Against Brother: Experiences of a British Volunteer in the Spanish Civil War. Author: Frank Thomas, Description: During the Spanish Civil War two young Welshmen volunteered to fight for their convictions - but on opposite sides. They had similar backgrounds. The elder, Frank Thomas, had a powerful yearning for military adventure. The younger, Sid Hamm, became a Communist before going to Spain. In April 1937, by now a battle-hardened veteran, Thomas was with Franco's Foreign Legion near the town of Brunete, helping to strengthen the Nationalist trenches. Hamm was just arriving in Spain to join the Republican International Brigade. Three months later, Thomas was back home, recuperating from terrible wounds, while Hamm met his death attempting to puncture the very defence works which Thomas had helped to construct. This story of a parochial civil war within the most defining of all civil wars has come to light through Robert Stradling's discovery of two unknown documents. Robert Stradling has provided a comprehensive introduction to these two accounts, with detailed notes and explanatory glosses, complemented by a selection of maps and illustrations.. Genre: Civil War,Spanish Civil War.
Title: The Well of Stars. Author: Robert Reed, Description: In ,The Well of Stars,, Hugo award-nominated author Robert Reed has written a stunning sequel to his acclaimed novel ,Marrow,. The Great Ship, so vast that it contains within its depths a planet that lay undiscovered for generations, has cruised through the universe for untold billions of years. After a disastrous exploration of the planet, Marrow, the Ship's captains face an increasingly restive population aboard their mammoth vessel. , ,And now, compounding the captains' troubles, the Ship is heading on an irreversible course straight for the Ink Well, a dark, opaque nebula. Washen and Pamir, the captains who saved Marrow from utter destruction, send Mere, whose uncanny ability to adapt to and understand other cultures makes her the only one for the job, to investigate the nebula before they plunge blindly in.  While Mere is away, Pamir discovers in the Ink Well the presence of a god-like entity with powers so potentially destructive that it might destroy the ship and its millions., ,Faced with an entity that might prevent the Ship from ever leaving the Ink Well, the Ship's only hope now rests in the ingenuity of the vast crew . . . and with Mere, who has not contacted them since she left the Ship…, ,With the excitement of epic science fiction adventure set against a universe full of wonders, the odyssey of the Ship and its captains will capture the hearts of science fiction readers.. Genre: Science Fiction,Space,Space Opera,Fiction,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Novels.
Title: Color in Art. Author: Michael Juul Holm,Stephanie Rachum,Helle Crenzien, Description: What is color? From Aristotle and Plato through Newton and Goethe to Wittgenstein, philosophers and scientists have worked to understand and categorize color, while artists have made their own efforts to demonstrate its enigmatic logics. This is a book about color, and a book about color and art. Across eight essays and more than 150 works of art drawn from the collections of the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art and Merzbacher Collection, this book aims to define color as a phenomenon that manifests across many different lines of thought and areas of life: the history of art, the history of ideas, psychology, psychiatry and cognitive science, architecture, marketing, literature and music. The essayists for the volume are John Gage, Erich H. Buxbaum, Jacob Wamberg, Klaus Stromer, Morten Kringelbach with Kristine Romer Thomsen, Gertrud Olsson, Lars Handesten, Steen Chr. Steensen, Helle Crenzien and Stephanie Rachum.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Traditional Shops and Restaurants of London: A Guide to Century-Old Establishments and New Classics. Author: Eugenia Bell,Phil Nicholls, Description: From historic half-timbered pubs opened in the 1600s, to button shops, tea merchants, hatters, and toyshops from the Georgian and Victorian periods and chic specialty shops opened in the twenty-first century, the establishments profiled in ,The Traditional Shops & Restaurants of London, embody the city's spirit and embrace its history and strong sense of tradition. The ,revised ,guide profiles and updates the descriptions, directions, website addresses, and phone numbers of: ,o more than 75 businesses including booksellers, home furnishing stores, clothiers, perfumers, umbrella shops, cheesemongers, and gourmet shops;,o more than 40 places to eat and drink, including fine restaurants, cafes, pubs, and the best places for eel, pie and mash and fish-and-chips,o the top historic street markets for food, antiques, bric-a-brac, and vintage clothes, ,And-a boon for armchair shoppers-the address, phone, tube stop, opening hours for each establishment, and websites for online shopping are included.. Genre: Travel,European Literature,British Literature,Nonfiction.
Title: Thirteen Tales of Horror. Author: T. Pines,D.E. Athkins,Judith Bauer Stamper,R.L. Stine,Ellen Emerson White,Patricia Windsor,A. Bates,Jay Bennett,Caroline B. Cooney,Carol Ellis,Diane Hoh,Lael Littke,Christopher Pike,Sinclair Smith, Description: You don't really want to read this ...do you? The masters of horror are waiting to take you on a terrifying ride, and there are 13 stops.,Meet the new guy in town, very handsome, very sexy, and very deadly.,Dine on sweet and wonderfully inviting confections - they're good to the last breath.,Learn that some spells can never be broken...,Inside you'll find the works of 13 masters of horror. Let Christopher Pike, R.L. Stine and the rest of our macabre crew show you the beauty in your worst nightmares - and the terror in your most exquisite dreams...., * viii • Introduction (Thirteen) • (1991) • essay by T. Pines, * 1 • Collect Call: The Black Walker: Part I • (1991) • novella by Christopher Pike, * 49 • Lucinda • (1991) • novelette by Lael Littke, * 73 • The Guiccioli Miniature • (1991) • shortstory by Jay Bennett, * 83 • Blood Kiss • (1991) • novelette by D. E. Athkins, * 103 • A Little Taste of Death • (1991) • novelette by Patricia Windsor, * 127 • The Doll • (1991) • novelette by Carol Ellis, * 149 • House of Horrors • (1991) • shortstory by J. B. Stamper, * 165 • Where the Deer Are • (1991) • novelette by Caroline B. Cooney, * 183 • The Spell • (1991) • novelette by R. L. Stine, * 205 • Dedicated to the One I Love • (1991) • novelette by Diane Hoh, * 231 • Hacker • (1991) • novelette by Sinclair Smith, * 257 • Deathflash • (1991) • novelette by A. Bates, * 279 • The Boy Next Door • (1991) • novelette by Ellen Emerson White, * 305 • Collect Call: The Black Walker: Part II • (1991) • novella by Christopher Pike, * 331 • About the Authors (Thirteen) • (1991) • essay by uncredited. Genre: Horror,Young Adult,Short Stories,Fiction,Anthologies,Young Adult,Teen,Fantasy,Paranormal,Thriller,Mystery,Childrens.
Title: Down the Bright Way. Author: Robert Reed, Description: In the deepness of space there are millions of worlds like our own - and each with its own humanity. They are linked by the Bright, an ancient pathway between the stars created by an ancient, godlike race known only as the Makers. Now humanity travels the Bright, uniting its worlds to a common desiny. But the Bright can also be travelled by those bent on destruction - those who have chosen a different path, whose sole purpose is conquest.. Genre: Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Alternate History,Fiction.
Title: Essays in Existentialism. Author: Jean-Paul Sartre,Wade Baskin, Description: A splendid introduction to the philosophy of existentialism.,In ,Essays in Existentialism,, Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980), the leading French exponent of existential philosophy, wrote a book that open many doors to the mind. Sartre challenged his readers to think beyond the meaning of their everyday thoughts and beliefs. His essays on nothingness, on the emotions, and on the image—including “The Problem of Nothingness,” “The Role of the Image in Mental Life,” and “Essays in Aesthetics”—contain the essentials of his metaphysical speculations.,An introductory essay by Professor Jean Wahl clarifies the origins of Sartre’s humanistic, religious, and aesthetic ideas.,Essays in Existentialism, challanges and encourages us to alter how we think about the choices that we make: to live “authentically” we must be concious of our freedom to choose and concerned with the effect our choice will have on all others. It is an essential text for any student of philosophy.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction,Writing,Essays,Cultural,France,Literature,Classics.
Title: Not a Marrying Man. Author: Miranda Lee, Description: He doesn't do forever..., British billionaire Warwick Kincaid likes to take risks -- though they don't include marriage and children. Twelve months is his limit when it comes to relationships., Warwick asks beautiful Australian receptionist Amber Roberts to move into his luxury Sydney penthouse, and she dares to hope he might have changed…. But after they've been together ten months Warwick starts to act cold and withdrawn. Is Amber's time up, just like the women before her? The chemistry between them remains red-hot and she finds it hard to believe that her time with Warwick is really over….. Genre: Romance,Category Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin,Harlequin Presents,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Contemporary,Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Fiction.
Title: Henry Reed's Babysitting Service. Author: Keith Robertson,Robert McCloskey, Description: Henry Reed has another sure-fire money-making plan--but the kids of Grover's Corner have plans of their own,An intelligent person like Henry should have no problem riding herd on the town's toddlers. But Henry's never tangled with such monsters as daredevil Danny, whose stunts keep Henry on his toes--when he's not ducking the toys Danny hurls at his head. There's also Bernice, the amazing disappearing five-year old, the always obnoxious Sebastians, who want in on the fun, and Henry's old friend Midge, able to outwit any fiendish five-year-old.. Genre: Fiction,Childrens,Childrens,Juvenile,Young Adult,Humor,Childrens,Middle Grade.
Title: Norstrilia. Author: Cordwainer Smith, Description: Rod McBan 151st farms 'stroon', the immortality drug, and is the last scion of one of the oldest and most honourable families on Norstrilia, only source of stroon. But he's also a telepathic cripple and faces the ever-present risk of being culled under the government's draconian population laws.,To protect himself, he uses his not-strictly-legal computer to play the market and amass an unimaginable fortune. But after he survives an assassination attempt, McBan discovers that having enough money to literally buy the Earth is no good if you're too dead to spend it . . .. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Speculative Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Fantasy,Space,Space Opera,Novels,Short Stories,United States,Anthologies.
Title: Social Welfare: Politics and Public Policy. Author: Diana M. DiNitto, Description: Social Welfare: Politics and Public Policy, Seventh Edition, "emphasizes the current "political "aspects of policymaking and major social welfare programs, including public assistance, Social Security, disability, health insurance, and much more. The author also focuses on policies that affect issues as racism, sexism, gay rights, and immigration. In addition, a wealth of updated instructor and student supplements give this text its celebrated advantage as a leader in the social welfare policy textbook market.This book stands out from others because it does more than describe the major social welfare policies and programs. The book also tackles the conflict and controversies surrounding these programs. Social policy is not presented as solutions to social problems. Social policy is portrayed as public conflict over the nature and causes of social welfare problems, over what, if anything, should be done about them, over who should do it, and over who should decide about it.. Genre: Social Science,Social Work,Social Science.
Title: The Highest Stakes of All. Author: Sara Craven, Description: Once upon a time and far away, Joanna Vernon found herself as the ultimate prize in a dangerously high-stakes card game. When the last hand had been revealed, the knowing curl of Vassos Gordanis's lip told her he had every intention of claiming his winnings….,Though no setting could be more beautiful than Vassos's private island, to Joanna the Aegean Sea was merely a turquoise-hued prison wall. In the Gordanis house, a woman was expected to know her place, and this gorgeous Greek knew this was exactly how he planned to settle the score….. Genre: Category Romance,Harlequin,Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin Presents,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin Romance,Contemporary,Harlequin,Hqn,Sociology,Abuse.
Title: Looking Backward, From The Year 2000. Author: Mack Reynolds, Description: nan. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction.
Title: Yaz Geçer. Author: Murathan Mungan, Description: İlk kez yayımlandığı 1992'den bu yana birçok yaz mevsimi geçti ama Yaz Geçer'e okurun ilgisi sönmedi, tersine giderek büyüdü. Yaz Geçer, Mungan'ın 1986-1992 yılları arasında yazdığı ve üç alt bölümde topladığı, farklı uzunluklarda 10 şiirden oluşuyor. İşte şairin, "Yaz geçer iyi gelir sözcükler" diyerek açtığı kitabından 1991 tarihli "Sandık Odası".,gün ışığıyla yıkanmış küskün bir yıldız,gibi akıp geçtin,sessizliğimizin üstünden,oyalanacak bir şey bile bırakmadın,tozlanmış, dalgın bakışlarımıza,ne zaman, nerede bir şey yitirsek,burada bulacağımızı sanırdık,bu sandık odasında,mümkünmüş gibi,balkonda unuttuğumuz nice yazlardan sonra...,Ludwigshafen - İstanbul, 1991. Genre: Poetry,Asian Literature,Turkish Literature,Cultural,Turkish,Literature.
Title: Arthurian Myth & Legend: An A-Z of People and Places. Author: Mike Dixon-Kennedy, Description: Few legends have benefited from more retellings and more interpretation than have the tales of King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table How can you find out what you want to know about the characters, the origins, and the events without acquiring an entire bookshelf of volumes? This all-in-one, authoritative A to Z guide -- the result of over 15 years of research -- makes it easy to locate exactly what you're looking for. Begin with Aalardin, a knight who possessed magical knowledge and wed the grandniece of Arthur, move on to Diwrnach, an Irishman who owned a wondrous cauldron that became one of the Thirteen Treasures of Britain; and end with Zitus, the name used in a Spanish romance to refer to Arthur. Of course, you'll also get long entries for the most unforgettable personalities and plot lines, such as Lancelot, Guinevere, and the search for the Holy Grail. Filled with fascinating details that will entrance anyone who loves these wonderful legends.. Genre: Fantasy,Mythology,Mythology,Arthurian,Nonfiction.
Title: A Wedding Wager. Author: Jane Feather, Description: New York Times, bestselling author Jane Feather delights with her second book in this entrancing Georgian trilogy featuring three noble brothers who are offered a preposterous opportunity - a lavish inheritance, but only if they each marry a fallen woman., , ,Perfect for fans of Eloisa James, Liz Carlyle and Stephanie Laurens.,Lady Serena Grantley was born to the nobility, but fortune's whim placed her under the control of her gamester stepfather, who uses her beauty to lure young men to his gambling tables. Serena even dismissed her first love, the Honorable Sebastian Sullivan, at her stepfather's command. But when he attempts to force her into a liaison with a dissolute earl, Serena resolves to do his bidding no more. Sebastian is the only man who ever captured her heart, and it is to him she turns...,Torn between family loyalty and the woman he loves, Sebastian faces a devilish dilemma. His uncle is ailing, and time is running short. Desperate to find a solution, Sebastian conceives a dangerous plan - a wager that could bring him and Serena happiness at last...or separate them forever.,Follow the captivating tales of the brothers as they each find their ,most unusual ,brides in ,Rushed to the Altar, and, An Unsuitable Bride,.. Genre: Romance,Historical Romance,Romance,Historical,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical,Regency,Historical Romance,Regency Romance,Adult,European Literature,British Literature,Fiction,Audiobook.
Title: Celtic Mythology: The Nature and Influence of Celtic Myth, from Druidism to Arthurian Legend. Author: Ward Rutherford, Description: Uncover the origins and traditions of this ancient mythology with this new information about pagan Celtic society, the Druids and other mythologies.. Genre: History,Fantasy,Mythology,Religion,Nonfiction,Cultural,Ireland,Religion,Paganism.
Title: Being and Nothingness. Author: Jean-Paul Sartre,Hazel E. Barnes,Mary Warnock,Richard Eyre, Description: Being & Nothingness, is without doubt one of the most significant philosophical books of the 20th century. The central work by one of the century's most influential thinkers, it altered the course of western philosophy. Its revolutionary approach challenged all previous assumptions about the individual's relationship with the world. Known as 'the Bible of existentialism', its impact on culture & literature was immediate & was felt worldwide, from the absurdist drama of Samuel Beckett to the soul-searching cries of the Beat poets.,Being & Nothingness, is one of those rare books whose influence has affected the mindset of subsequent generations. Seventy years after its 1st publication, its message remains as potent as ever--challenging readers to confront the fundamental dilemmas of human freedom, choice, responsibility & action.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction,Classics,Cultural,France,Psychology,European Literature,French Literature,Unfinished,Philosophy,Theory,Literature,20th Century,Literature.
Title: Otto of the Silver Hand. Author: Howard Pyle, Description: A rich and engrossing thread of Romance runs through this tale of the motherless son of a valiant robber baron of Medieval Germany. Young Otto, born into a warring household in an age when lawless chiefs were constantly fighting each other or despoiling the caravans of the merchant burghers, is raised in a monastery only to return to his family's domain and become painfully involved in the blood feud between his father and the rival house of Trutz-Drachen.,The narrative is told with Howard Pyle's consummate skill and illustrated with some of the most enchanting sketches ever done for a book of this type. Like the same author's version of ,The Story of King Arthur and His Knights, and his collection of original stories known as ,The Wonder Clock,, this book has become a legend, a modern story with the feel and sound of an ancient tale. It is a reading adventure that youngsters will not soon forget.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Classics,Childrens,Academic,School,Historical,Medieval,Historical,Adventure,Literature,Fantasy.
Title: So Much More. Author: Anna Sofia Botkin,Elizabeth Botkin, Description: This book is not another Christian-teenage-girl ''survival guide.'' So Much More shows how Christian girls can wage war with the world and win. The Botkin sisters focus on how young women can rise above their God-hating culture and change it for the better. Today, countless young ladies face difficult problems and challenging questions. While many long for godly purpose in their lives, their bewilderment mounts when they observe broken homes, distant fathers, overwhelmed mothers, degrading college courses, and a lack of spiritual guidance --” both at home and at church. As hope for security and stability fades, it is no wonder that many young ladies feel orphaned, unprotected, and without hope for their futures. Within the pages of this book, discover practical, biblical solutions for the young woman who wants to do so much more than just ''survive'' in a savagely feministic, anti-Christian culture. Find the answers a girl is not likely to get from her church, her peers, or her culture.. Genre: Nonfiction,Religion,Christianity,Christian,Christian,Christian Living,Religion,Religion,Theology,Parenting,Family,Spirituality,Womens.
Title: Merciless. Author: Diana Palmer, Description: Can she convince a man to let down his defenses when he's set on guarding his heart?, ,Tall, dark and eligible?, ,That's all that matters to the women of Jacobsville when it comes to handsome and aloof FBI agent Jon Blackhawk. But if it were up to him, he would never settle down. Luckily, Jon has the best gatekeeper: his efficient and reliable assistant, Joceline Perry. Without her help, he'd be at the mercy of husband hunters�but the more he comes to rely on her, the more he notices how invaluable she really is… ,While Joceline can't deny that her boss is attractive, as a single mother with responsibilities she's determined to be professional. But when Jon is accosted by a criminal seeking revenge, she comes to his aid�fueling the spark that is growing between them. ,As the attempts on Jon's life increase, Joceline stands by his side. But when the smoke clears, will the man who avoided love realize that all he ever needed was right there all along?. Genre: Romance,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Contemporary,Westerns,Fiction,Romance,Romantic Suspense,Mystery,Suspense,Romance,Western Romance,Mystery,Crime.
Title: The Draco Tavern. Author: Larry Niven, Description: Bartender Rick Shumann at his Siberian tavern catering to aliens, narrates 26 tales include:,"The Subject Is Closed" - Could AI stop working on life after death because subject solved? ,"Table Manners" - Is Rick hunter or hunted by five Folk aliens? ,"Losing Mars" - Unpublished. Aliens on Mars angry humans forget their planet.. Genre: Science Fiction,Short Stories,Fiction,Anthologies,Science Fiction,Aliens,Audiobook,Science Fiction Fantasy,Speculative Fiction,Fantasy,Humor.
Title: King Solomon And The Queen Of Sheba. Author: Blu Greenberg, Description: The Queen of Sheba comes to Jerusalem to test King Solomon's wisdom. The king answers all her questions and reveals the splendor of his realm in this epic love story for children. Based on Biblical, Rabbinic and Ethiopian sources.. Genre: nan.
Title: Protector. Author: Larry Niven, Description: Phssthpok the Pak had been traveling for most of his thirty-two thousand years. His mission: save, develop, and protect the group of Pak breeders sent out into space some two and a half million years before...,Brennan was a Belter, the product of a fiercely independent, somewhat anarchic society living in, on, and around an outer asteroid belt. The Belters were rebels, one and all, and Brennan was a smuggler. The Belt worlds had been tracking the Pak ship for days -- Brennan figured to meet that ship first...,He was never seen again -- at least not by those alive at the time.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Space,Space Opera,Science Fiction Fantasy,Space,Novels,Science Fiction,Aliens,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Speculative Fiction,Audiobook.
Title: The American Psychiatric Publishing Textbook of Forensic Psychiatry. Author: Robert I. Simon,Liza H. Gold, Description: The new, second edition of this comprehensive text boasts coverage that is both expanded and reconfigured to focus on the most critical topics and the most up-to-date approaches in forensic psychiatry. The first edition rapidly became the gold standard in this maturing discipline because it was the first textbook designed and written for both the general clinician and the forensic psychiatrist.,This edition retains that versatility and extends its scope to include new issues in the field. New features include: - A chapter on forensic geriatric psychiatry, a topic that grows in importance as our population ages- A chapter on forensic psychiatry and the Internet, which poses questions and raises issues that become more salient every day- An extensively revised chapter on psychological testing that addresses the administration and interpretation of the most current instruments in use in the field.,In addition, the Textbook has preserved the features that made it so successful in its first edition, updating them to reflect current knowledge and practice. These include: - An index of legal cases that provides the foundational knowledge and navigational tools to identify relevant precedents easily- Chapters that are organized around case examples and include reviews of key concepts, practical guidelines, and references for further reading. A study guide is also available to assist in teaching or preparing for the forensic board examination- A revised and updated chapter on ethics that takes into account the ongoing evolution and clarification of the ethical role of forensic psychiatrists- Thorough coverage of what it takes to set up and manage a forensic practice and deal with key players in law enforcement and the legal system- Detailed information about the role and responsibilities of the expert witness- A survey of the different categories of legal cases, including malpractice, disability, competency, and criminal - A detailed glossary of legal terms,Practicing psychiatrists, psychiatric residents, and those enrolled in forensic fellowship programs, as well as other mental health professionals, will find The American Psychiatric Publishing Textbook of Forensic Psychiatry, Second Edition a well-organized, truly practical text and reference.. Genre: Medicine,Psychiatry.
Title: The Wench is Dead. Author: Colin Dexter, Description: Inspector Morse, recovering from an ulcer in Oxford's Radcliffe Hospital, comes across an old book recounting a sensational murder case that took place in Oxford 100 years earlier. Convinced that the two men hanged for the crime were innocent, Morse sets out from the confines of his bed to prove it.. Genre: Mystery,Mystery,Crime,Fiction,Mystery,Detective,European Literature,British Literature,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,Mystery,Murder Mystery,Thriller,Novels,Contemporary.
Title: Psychogeography. Author: Merlin Coverley, Description: Psychogeography. Increasingly this term is used to illustrate a bewildering array of ideas from key lines and the occult, to urban walking and political radicalism. But where does it come from and what exactly does it mean? This book examines the origins of psychogeography in the Situationist Movement of the 1950s, exploring the theoretical background and its political applications as well as the work of early practitioners such as Guy Debord and Raoul Vaneigem. Elsewhere, psychogeographic ideas continue to find retrospective validation in much earlier traditions from the visionary writing of William Blake and Thomas De Quincey to the rise of the flaneur on the streets of 19th century Paris and on through the avant-garde experimentation of the Surrealists. These precursors to psychogeography are discussed here alongside their modern counterparts, for today these ideas hold greater currency than ever through the popularity of writers and filmmakers such as Iain Sinclair and Peter Ackroyd, Stewart Home and Patrick Keiller. From Urban Wandering to Cognitive Mapping, from the Derive to Detournement, psychogeography provides us with new ways of apprehending our surroundings, transforming the familiar streets of our everyday experience into something new and unexpected. This guide conducts the reader through this process, offering both an explanation and definition of the terms involved, and an analysis of the key figures and their work as well as practical information on psychogeographical groups and organizations.. Genre: Nonfiction,Philosophy,Psychology,Cities,Urbanism,Philosophy,Theory,Cities,Urban Studies,Art,Politics,Travel,Walking,Sociology.
Title: The Kingfisher Geography Encyclopedia. Author: Clive Gifford, Description: In today's chaotic information environment, it is a challenge to find organized, comprehensive, yet concise geopolitical information designed especially for student research. This fully-updated edition of the award-winning ,The Kingfisher Geography Encyclopedia, by Clive Gifford is a meticulously researched and visually exciting guide to the essential geographical, physical, and cultural information of the entire world. Illustrated with more than 1,500 photographs and specially commissioned computer-generated maps of every country using the latest satellite data, this one-stop reference will help children acquire essential geographical knowledge and expand their understanding of how people live in different parts of the world. The country-by-country layout makes finding information easy, and quick reference panels give key facts on each country's population, currency, language, major cities and other data. An extensive website list and comprehensive index insures the most up-to-date resources and material for further research. An essential addition to any home or classroom, ,The Kingfisher Geography Encyclopedia ,puts the world at everyone's fingertips.. Genre: Science,Geography,Reference,Science.
Title: Three to Get Married. Author: Fulton J. Sheen, Description: One of the greatest and best-loved spokesmen for the Catholic Faith here sets out the Church's beautiful understanding of marriage in his trademark clear and entertaining style. Frankly and charitably, Sheen presents the causes of and solutions to common marital crises, and tells touching real-life stories of people whose lives were transformed through marriage. He emphasizes that our Blessed Lord is at the center of every successful and loving marriage. This is a perfect gift for engaged couples, or for married people as a fruitful occasion for self-examination.. Genre: Christianity,Catholic,Marriage,Religion,Theology,Religion,Religion,Faith,Nonfiction,Spirituality,Christian,Religion,Christianity,Relationships.
Title: The Age of Reason. Author: Jean-Paul Sartre, Description: Set in France during the days immediately before World War II, this is the story of Mathieu, a French professor of philosophy obsessed with the idea of freedom. Translated from the French by Eric Sutton.. Genre: Philosophy,Fiction,Classics,Cultural,France,Literature,European Literature,French Literature,Novels,Literature,20th Century,Nobel Prize,Literary Fiction.
Title: Of Flesh & Spirit. Author: Wang Ping, Description: Life interpreted, written, and emulated in the style of the Tao, spiced with experiences of NYC.. Genre: Poetry.
Title: Man-Kzin Wars V. Author: Larry Niven,S.M. Stirling,Thomas T. Thomas,Jerry Pournelle, Description: Between wars, an odd assortment of human and Kzin characters search for a hidden treasure -- which is not what it seems. Elsewhere, Kzin and humans seek a weapon too horrible to use.... Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Short Stories,Anthologies,War,Science Fiction,Aliens,Science Fiction,Military Science Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Space,Space Opera,Space.
Title: Quilts to Come Home To. Author: Joy Hoffman,Darlene Zimmerman, Description: 17 new designs featuring "Tri-Recs" and "Tri-Mate" Tools.. Genre: Crafts,Quilting.
Title: The Smoke Ring. Author: Larry Niven, Description: In the free-fall environment of the Smoke Ring, the descendants of the crew of the ,Discipline, no longer remembered their Earth roots -- or the existence of Sharls Davis Kendy, the computer-program despot of the ship. Until Kendy initiated contact once more.,Fourteen years later, only Jeffer, the Citizens Tree Scientist, knew that Kendy was still watching -- and waiting. Then the Citizens Tree people rescued a family of loggers and learned for the first time of the Admiralty, a large society living in free fall amid the floating debris called the Clump. And it was likely that the Admiralty had maintained, intact, ,Discipline,'s original computer library.,Exploration was a temptation neither Jeffer nor Kendy could resist, and neither Citizens Tree nor Sharls Davis Kendy would ever be the same again.... Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Fantasy,Audiobook,Space,Novels,Literature,American,Biology,Evolution.
Title: Gun Before Butter. Author: Nicolas Freeling, Description: A Van der Valk Thriller - Winner of the Crime Writer's Award and the Grand Prix de Roman Policier. Police Inspector Piet Van der Valk becomes involved in an extraordinary case when he crosses the path of a pretty daughter of a famous dead conductor. This terse crime thriller follows Van der Valk on an exhilarating ride through the unknown.. Genre: Mystery,Mystery,Crime,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,European Literature,British Literature,Mystery,Detective,Fiction.
Title: Tragedy at Law. Author: Cyril Hare, Description: When an anonymous letter arrives for Mr Justice Barber, the High Court judge, warning of imminent revenge, he dismisses it as the work of a harmless lunatic. ,But then a second letter appears, followed by a poisoned box of the judge's favourite chocolates, and he begins to fear for his life.. Genre: Mystery,Fiction,Mystery,Crime,European Literature,British Literature,Historical,Historical Fiction,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,Mystery,Golden Age Mystery,Classics,Mystery,Whodunit,Adult.
Title: Life in a Medieval City. Author: Joseph Gies,Frances Gies, Description: Life in a Medieval City, evokes every aspect of city life in the Middle Ages by depicting in detail what it was like to live in a prosperous city of Northwest Europe in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. The time is A.D. 1250 and the city is Troyes, capital of the county of Champagne and site of two of the cycle Champagne Fairs—the “Hot Fair” in August and the “Cold Fair” in December. European civilization has emerged from the Dark Ages and is in the midst of a commercial revolution. Merchants and money men from all over Europe gather at Troyes to buy, sell, borrow, and lend, creating a bustling market center typical of the feudal era. As the Gieses take us through the day-to-day life of burghers, we learn the customs and habits of lords and serfs, how financial transactions were conducted, how medieval cities were governed, and what life was really like for a wide range of people.,For serious students of the medieval era and anyone wishing to learn more about this fascinating period, ,Life in a Medieval City, remains a timeless work of popular medieval scholarship.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,Historical,Medieval,History,Medieval History,Historical,Reference,Research,History,European History,Reference,Cultural,France,Geography,Cities.
Title: Rags and Ragtime: A Musical History. Author: David A. Jasen,Trebor Jay Tichenor, Description: "A work for all time . . . (with) a tremendous amount of historical information which has never been published. . . . It will be the standard text and reference work in the ragtime field." — ,Rag Times.,This well-known, highly praised book is the definitive history of ragtime music and its composers. Both authors are widely celebrated composers, performers, collectors, historians, and critics of ragtime music. With great enthusiasm and expertise, they trace the growth and diversification of ragtime from its earliest beginnings in the late nineteenth century through its heyday in the Folk, Classic, Popular, Novelty, and Stride Ragtime periods to its current revival.,Forty-eight major composers are discussed, including Scott Joplin, Zez Confrey, Jelly Roll Morton, Fats Waller, and many other greats. In addition, 800 important rags are profiled, most of them bearing the carefree titles that were part of the tradition, titles like "Canned Corn Rag," "Bantam Step," "Too Much Raspberry," "Ragging the Scale," and "Red Onion Rag." Each profile includes date of publication, original publisher, a discography, and a commentary of the unique character and appeal of each rag.,Over 100 photographs, many of them rare, illuminate this lively chronicle, along with reproductions of original sheet music and many other items of interest from the authors' personal archives.,"Jasen and Tichenor have no peers in ragtime knowledge. . . .They are the two unchallengeable authorities in the field of ragtime history, personalities, and musical forms." — ,The Classic Rag.,"A combination encyclopedia/biography/history/analysis and review, it teems with what would appear to be everything the ragtime buff or casual inquirer needs or wants to know about the music that won't stand still." — ,The Christian Science Monitor.,",Rags and Ragtime, tells it all. There's a lot here I didn't know in pictures, music, and words." — Eubie Blake.. Genre: Nonfiction,Music.
Title: Life in a Medieval City. Author: Edwin Benson, Description: A look at life in the Middle Ages.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,History,Medieval History,Historical,Medieval.
Title: Daily Life in Medieval Times. Author: Frances Gies,Joseph Gies, Description: A Vivid, Detailed Account of Birth, Marriage and Death; Food, Clothing and Housing; Love and Labor in the Middle Ages,Daily Life in Medieval Times is a fully-illustrated edition of the classic and popular books of history and anthropology by Frances and Joseph Gies - Life in a Medieval Castle, Life in a Medieval City and Life in a Medieval Village., This book takes readers into the fascinating world of medieval life through historic pictures, period illustrations and detailed text that describes everything from castle-storming techniques to villagers' hair styles., Three real medieval places - a castle in Chepstow on the Welsh border, the city of Troyes in the country of Champagne and the village of Elton in the English East Midlands - are the jumping - off point for this thorough exploration of 13th and 14th century life in Europe., The authors use recent archeloogical discoveries and historic and contemporary documents in conjunction with diagrams and dramatic photographs to give readers a full understanding of what it was truly like to live 700 years ago.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,Historical,Medieval,Reference,History,Medieval History,Reference,Research,Historical.
Title: Tales of Known Space: The Universe of Larry Niven. Author: Larry Niven,Rick Sternbach, Description: Ranging from the 20th Century to the 31st, these interconnected stories trace Man's expansion and colonization throughout the galaxy...,Becalmed in hell,Howie's spaceship had a malfunction...but it might be only psychosomatic!,Wait it out,He was trapped on Pluto...and all his assets were frozen!,The borderland of Sol,Forward possessed the ultimate weapon...but no one would ever see it!,The jigsaw man,The organ banks want you...now!,Cloak of anarchy,They were free to be anything but violent...but that wasn't enough!,-- plus eight other great stories in Niven's spectacular cycle of the future...and, special for this volume, a complete Niven bibliography and a detailed chronology of all his Known Space stories!,Timeline for Known Space,My Universe and Welcome To It!,Coldest Place, The,Becalmed in Hell,Wait it Out,Eye of an Octopus,How the Heroes Die,The Jigsaw Man,At the Bottom of a Hole,The Deceivers,Cloak of Anarchy,Warriors, The,The Borderland of Sol,There is a Tide,Safe at Any Speed,Afterthoughts,Bibliography: The Worlds of Larry Niven. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Short Stories,Space,Space Opera,Anthologies,Science Fiction Fantasy,Anthologies,Collections,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Aliens,Novels.
Title: The Transcendence of the Ego: An Existentialist Theory of Consciousness. Author: Jean-Paul Sartre,Forrest Williams,Robert Kirkpatrick, Description: First published in France in 1937, this important essay marked a turning point in Sartre's philosophical development. Before writing it, he had been closely allied with phenomenologists such as Husserl and Heidegger. Here, however, Sartre attacked Husserl's notion of a transcendental ego. The break with Husserl, in turn, facilitated Sartre's transition from phenomenology to the existentialist doctrines of his masterwork, ,Being and Nothingness,, which was completed a few years later while the author was a prisoner of war.,This student-friendly edition of ,The Transcendence of the Ego, also includes an introduction and notes/annotations by the translators.. Genre: Philosophy,Psychology,Nonfiction,Cultural,France,European Literature,French Literature,Philosophy,Theory,Academic,School,Writing,Essays.
Title: Pilgrim's Rest. Author: Patricia Wentworth, Description: The two Miss Pilgrims, Columba and Janette, think its unwise to leave their fine ancestral home, Pilgrim's Rest. When their brother suffers a fatal fall only days after talking about selling it, and his son, barely escapes two near-fatal accidents, they suspect it deadly to leave. Surely, Miss Silver can determine why the house hates to be empty.. Genre: Mystery,Fiction,European Literature,British Literature,Mystery,Cozy Mystery,Mystery,Crime,Historical,Historical Fiction,Mystery,Golden Age Mystery,Romance,Classics,Thriller,Mystery Thriller.
Title: Spring Flora of Wisconsin: A Manual of Plants Growing without Cultivation and Flowering Before June 15. Author: Norman C. Fassett,Olive S. Thomson, Description: nan. Genre: Reference,Field Guides,Nonfiction.
Title: Holmes and Watson. Author: June Thomson, Description: Exploring the friendship of the inscrutable sleuth Sherlock Holmes and his redoubtable companion, Doctor Watson -- a bond that survived forty-six years -- this scrupulously researched biography constructs the fascinating story of their relationship, for the most part from evidence in the massive canon of Arthur Conan Doyle. Speculative only when precise data is wanting, the book examines the personalities of its principals, traces the development of their partnership in crime detection, and considers such disputed aspects as the possible homosexual implications of their relationship, Holmes's disappearance for three years, and the identity of the second Mrs. Watson.With theories as to the location of 221B Baker Street, the person of the King of Bohemia, the dating of The Hound of the Baskervilles, and other matters long debated by Holmes experts, this volume will prove to be invaluable to all students of the Great Detective. And for anyone who has enjoyed Holmes in print or in film, television, and radio adaptations, it provides a detailed and engaging biographical account of one of literature's great immortal friendships.. Genre: Biography,Nonfiction,Mystery,Crime,Mystery,Literature,19th Century,European Literature,British Literature.
Title: Starting Out with C++: From Control Structures Through Objects. Author: Tony Gaddis, Description: Tony Gaddis's accessible, step-by-step presentation helps beginning students understand the important details necessary to become skilled programmers at an introductory level. Gaddis motivates the study of both programming skills and the C++ programming language by presenting all the details needed to understand the "how" and the "why"-but never losing sight of the fact that most beginners struggle with this material. His approach is both gradual and highly accessible, ensuring that students understand the logic behind developing high-quality programs. , In , ,Starting Out with C++: From Control Structures through Objects, , ,Gaddis covers control structures, functions, arrays, and pointers before objects and classes. As with all Gaddis texts, clear and easy-to-read code listings, concise and practical real-world examples, and an abundance of exercises appear in every chapter. This text is intended for either a one-semester accelerated introductory course or a traditional two-semester sequence covering C++ programming. , This edition is available with MyProgrammingLab, an innovative online homework and assessment tool. Through the power of practice and immediate personalized feedback, MyProgrammingLab helps students fully grasp the logic, semantics, and syntax of programming. � ,Note: , If you are purchasing the standalone text or electronic version, MyProgrammingLab does not come automatically packaged with the text. To purchase MyProgrammingLab, please visit: myprogramminglab.com or you can purchase a package of the physical text + MyProgrammingLab by searching for ISBN 10: 0132774178 / ISBN 13: 9780132774178.� MyProgrammingLab is not a self-paced technology and should only be purchased when required by an instructor.. Genre: Textbooks,Computer Science,Programming,Science,Computer Science,Nonfiction,Academic,School,Computer Science,Software,Reference.
Title: N-Space. Author: Larry Niven,Tom Clancy, Description: On an L.A. talk show Arthur C. Clarke was once asked to name his favorite writer. His answer was "Larry Niven." Countless others agree. ,The Baltimore Sun ,and ,Kirkus Reviews, have both dubbed Niven "the premier writer of hard SF," and Gregory Benford has hailed him as "the paradigm of SF personality of the last several decade.",Now Larry Niven presents us with his undisputed masterwork. ,N-Space, contains, very simply, the best SF of his career--marvelous fiction, a wealth of anecdotes and gossip, plus Niven's own special brand of wit and excitement.,Contents:,1 • Introduction: The Maker of Worlds • (1990) • essay by Tom Clancy,3 • On Niven • (1992) • essay by Frederik Pohl and Steven Barnes and David Brin and John Hertz and Wendy All and Gregory Benford,15 • Dramatis Personae • (1990) • essay by Larry Niven,25 • Foreword: Playgrounds for the Mind • (1990) • essay by Larry Niven,31 • From World of Ptavvs (excerpt) • (1990) • shortfiction by Larry Niven,36 • Bordered in Black • (1966) • shortstory by Larry Niven,56 • Convergent Series • (1967) • shortstory by Larry Niven (variant of The Long Night),62 • All the Myriad Ways • [Time Travel - Parallel Universe] • (1968) • shortstory by Larry Niven,73 • From A Gift From Earth (Excerpt) • (1990) • shortfiction by Larry Niven,90 • The Meddler • (1968) • novelette by Larry Niven,112 • Passerby • [State] • (1969) • shortstory by Larry Niven,126 • Down in Flames • (1969) • essay by Larry Niven,139 • From Ringworld (Excerpt) • (1990) • shortfiction by Larry Niven,148 • The Fourth Profession • (1971) • novelette by Larry Niven,195 • "Shall We Indulge in Rishathra?" • (1978) • shortfiction by Larry Niven,195 •  "Shall We Indulge in Rishathra?" • (1978) • interior artwork by William Rotsler,199 • Man of Steel, Woman of Kleenex • (1969) • essay by Larry Niven,208 • Inconstant Moon • (1971) • novelette by Larry Niven,234 • What Can You Say About Chocolate Covered Manhole Covers? • (1971) • shortstory by Larry Niven,245 • Cloak of Anarchy • [Known Space] • (1972) • shortstory by Larry Niven,269 • From Protector (excerpt) • (1990) • shortfiction by Larry Niven,279 • The Hole Man • (1974) • shortstory by Larry Niven,293 • Night on Mispec Moor • [State] • (1974) • shortstory by Larry Niven,305 • Flare Time • (1978) • novella by Larry Niven,347 • The Locusts • (1979) • novelette by Larry Niven and Steven Barnes,389 • From The Mote in God's Eye (excerpt) • (1990) • shortfiction by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle,394 • Building the Mote in God's Eye • [A Step Farther Out] • (1976) • essay by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle,420 • Brenda • (1988) • novella by Larry Niven,465 • The Return of William Proxmire • (1989) • shortstory by Larry Niven,475 • The Tale of the Jinni and the Sisters • (1988) • shortstory by Larry Niven,491 • Madness Has Its Place • [Man-Kzin Wars] • (1990) • novelette by Larry Niven,519 • Niven's Laws (1990 version) • (1990) • essay by Larry Niven,528 • The Kiteman • [Integral Trees] • (1990) • novelette by Larry Niven,571 • The Alien in Our Minds • (1987) • essay by Larry Niven,580 • Space • (1990) • essay by Larry Niven,597 • Bibliography of Larry Niven • (1990) • essay by uncredited. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Short Stories,Anthologies,Fantasy,Anthologies,Collections,Space,Science Fiction Fantasy,Speculative Fiction,Writing,Essays.
Title: Complete Irish Wildlife. Author: Derek Mooney, Description: Complete Irish Wildlife describes almost all the mammals, birds, fish and butterflies of Ireland likely to be encountered by the keen amateur naturalist, as well as all the common and widespread flowers, trees and shrubs. With over 1,000 colour photographs, this comprehensive guide illustrates every species described. The introduction by Ireland's best known wildlife expert, Derek Mooney, sets out where you can find the best of Irish wildlife. Reptiles and amphibians, insects and spiders, molluscs and other invertebrates are also featured, and species are organized taxonomically. Each section is coded with a symbol for quick reference and species are grouped according to natural relationships and similarities. With its handy format and PVC wallet, Complete Irish Wildlife is a book no nature lover should travel without.. Genre: Reference,Environment,Nature.
Title: Fallen Angels. Author: Larry Niven,Jerry Pournelle,Michael Flynn, Description: Having been shot down over the North Dakota glacier, two Space Habs astronauts find themselves paralyzed by the Earth's gravity and at the center of a ruthless manhunt by the United States government.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Fantasy,Adventure,Science Fiction Fantasy,Space,Science,Technology,Historical,Epic,Thriller.
Title: Veggie Chic. Author: Rose Elliot, Description: Think vegetarian means bland and boring? Once you've tasted Moroccan Lemon and Honey-seared Haloumi, Tea-smoked Chestnut Risotto, or Grilled Plantain Cubes with Coconut Pesto, you'll see meat-free cooking in a whole new light. Getting great results is easy with these innovative recipes and sumptuous color photographs of the finished dishes. The 100 choices include dazzling starters and sides, entrees, and desserts, as well as selections for both casual entertaining and more formal occasions. Enjoy Spicy Pumpkin Pancakes, feast on Mixed Mushroom Tempura with Hot Dipping Sauce, savor the Tavolo Nero and Goats' Cheese Torte, and finish with a mouthwatering Fig Tarte Tatin. Vegetarian has never been so tantalizing.. Genre: Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Food and Drink,Vegetarian.
Title: The Mote in God's Eye. Author: Larry Niven,Jerry Pournelle, Description: In 3016, the 2nd Empire of Man spans hundreds of star systems, thanks to faster-than-light Alderson Drive. Intelligent beings are finally found from the Mote, an isolated star in a thick dust cloud. The bottled-up ancient civilization, at least one million years old, are welcoming, kind, yet evasive, with a dark problem they have not solved in over a million years.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Space,Space Opera,Science Fiction,Aliens,Fantasy,Audiobook,Classics,Space,Speculative Fiction.
Title: Neutron Star. Author: Larry Niven, Description: Come to Larry Niven's Universe and meet all the natives: Thrints, Bandersnatchi, Puppeteers -- and a host of other wonderfully created characters.,Visit Lookitthat, Down, and Jinx -- indeed, an entire galaxy of planets found only in these stories that trace man's expansion and colonization throughout Known Space.,A spectacular cycle of the future . . . a 10,000-year history of man on Earth and in space!,Contents:,· Neutron Star [Beowulf Shaeffer] · nv If Oct ’66 ,· A Relic of Empire · nv If Dec ’66 ,· At the Core [Beowulf Shaeffer] · ss If Nov ’66 ,· The Soft Weapon · nv If Feb ’67 ,· Flatlander [Beowulf Shaeffer] · nv If Mar ’67 ,· The Ethics of Madness · nv If Apr ’67 ,· The Handicapped [“Handicap”] · nv Galaxy Dec ’67 ,· Grendel [Beowulf Shaeffer] · nv *. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Short Stories,Space,Space Opera,Anthologies,Science Fiction Fantasy,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Anthologies,Collections,Speculative Fiction,Short Stories,Short Story Collection.
Title: Barren Lands: An Epic Search For Diamonds in the North American Artic. Author: Kevin Krajick, Description: In the late 1970s, two men set out on what would prove to be a twenty-year quest to find a North American gem mine, along a fabled path that had defied sixteenth-century explorers, Wild West fortune seekers, and modern geologists. They are an unlikely pair: Chuck Fipke, a ragged fanatical prospector with a singular talent for finding sand-size mineral grains, and Stew Blusson, an ultra-tough geologist and helicopter pilot. Inventive, eccentric, and ruthless, they follow a trail of clues left by predecessors-and a few actual gems-all the way from backwoods Arkansas up the glaciated high Rockies into the vast and haunted barren lands of northern Canada. With a South African geochemist's secret weapon, Fipke and Blusson outwit rivals, including the immense De Beers cartel, and make one of the world's greatest diamond discoveries-setting off a stampede unseen since the Klondike gold rush. ,Barren Lands ,offers an unforgettable journey for those who, in the words of a nineteenth-century trapper, "want to see that country before it is all gone.". Genre: History,Science,Geology,Nonfiction.
Title: Iron Men, Wooden Women: Gender and Seafaring in the Atlantic World, 1700-1920. Author: Margaret Creighton, Description: From the voyage of the Argonauts to the Tailhook scandal, seafaring has long been one of the most glaringly male-dominated occupations. In this groundbreaking interdisciplinary study, Margaret Creighton, Lisa Norling, and their co-authors explore the relationship of gender and seafaring in the Anglo-American age of sail. Drawing on a wide range of American and British sources—from diaries, logbooks, and account ledgers to songs, poetry, fiction, and a range of public sources—the authors show how popular fascination with seafaring and the sailors' rigorous, male-only life led to models of gender behavior based on "iron men" aboard ship and "stoic women" ashore.,Yet ,Iron Men, Wooden Women, also offers new material that defies conventional views. The authors investigate such topics as women in the American whaling industry and the role of the captain's wife aboard ship. They explore the careers of the female pirates Anne Bonny and Mary Read, as well as those of other women—"transvestite heroines"—who dressed as men to serve on the crews of sailing ships. And they explore the importance of gender and its connection to race for African American and other seamen in both the American and the British merchant marine. Contributors include both social historians and literary critics: Marcus Rediker, Dianne Dugaw, Ruth Wallis Herndon, Haskell Springer, W. Jeffrey Bolster, Laura Tabili, Lillian Nayder, and Melody Graulich, in addition to Margaret Creighton and Lisa Norling.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,Adventure,Pirates,Feminism,Historical.
Title: The Burning City. Author: Larry Niven,Jerry Pournelle, Description: Set in the world of Larry Niven's popular ,The Magic Goes Away,, ,The Burning City, transports readers to an enchanted ancient city bearing a provocative resemblance to our own modern society. Here Yagen-Atep, the volatile and voracious god of fire, alternately protects and destroys the city's denizens. In Tep's Town, nothing can burn indoors and no fire can start -- except when the Burning comes upon the city. Then the people, possessed by Yagen-Atep, set their own town ablaze in a riotous orgy of destruction that often comes without warning. Whandall Placehold has lived with the Burning all his life. Fighting his way to adulthood in the mean-but-magical streets of the city's most blighted neighborhoods, Whandall dreams of escaping the god's wrath to find a new and better life. But his best hope for freedom may lie with Morth of Atlantis, the enigmatic sorcerer who killed his father!. Genre: Fantasy,Fiction,Science Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Fantasy,Magic,Horror,Historical.
Title: In Search of Deep Time. Author: Henry Gee, Description: Cladistics--the science of comparison--is transforming the way paleontologists view evolution. In Search of Deep Time strips away conventional assumptions about the evolution of life to reveal a world that may be far stranger and more humbling than had been previously imagined. The concept of deep time was first used by John McPhee to describe intervals of time incomprehensibly greater than our daily experience. Henry Gee explains the rise of cladistics as the best technique for making sense of the organic changes that unfold within deep time.. Genre: Science,Nonfiction,Biology,Evolution,History,Science Nature,Science,Biology,Science,Geology,Geology,Palaeontology.
Title: Inferno. Author: Larry Niven,Jerry Pournelle, Description: This is the 6th Pocket printing.,Cover Artist: Harry Bennett,An unearthly voice hisses unholy welcome. And the late, great Allen Carpentier begins his one-way journey into the dim nether regions where flame-colored demons wield diabolically sharp pitchforks and tormented vixens reign forever in a pond of sheer ice. Here, in this land of torment and terror, he discovers the amazing truth of the ultimate adventure that lies beyond the grave.,Frank Herbert -"The somber beauty of INFERNO brought up to the twentieth century with care and humor and with some sins Dante didn't even suspect.". Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Fiction,Horror,Science Fiction Fantasy,Religion,Humor,Novels,Fantasy,Mythology,Adventure.
Title: Comet in Moominland. Author: Tove Jansson,Elizabeth Portch, Description: When Moomintroll learns that a comet will be passing by, he and his friend Sniff travel to the Observatory on the Lonely Mountains to consult the Professors. Along the way, they have many adventures, but the greatest adventure of all awaits them when they learn that the comet is headed straight for their beloved Moominvalley.. Genre: Fantasy,Childrens,Fiction,Classics,European Literature,Finnish Literature,Adventure,Childrens,Middle Grade,European Literature,Scandinavian Literature,European Literature,Swedish Literature,Young Adult.
Title: The Quest for Arthur's Britain. Author: Geoffrey Ashe, Description: The story of Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table is the chief myth of Britain. But is it something more than myth? Solid facts have emerged through the recent work of archaeologists. This book examines the historical foundations of the Arthurian tradition, and then presents the results of excavations to date at Cadbury (reputed site of Camelot), Tintagel, Glastonbury and less-known places.. Genre: History,Mythology,Arthurian,Nonfiction,Fantasy,Mythology,Historical,Medieval,History,Archaeology,European Literature,British Literature,Religion,Paganism,Reference.
Title: Scumbler. Author: William Wharton, Description: Know Scumbler in his poignant, hilarious life. Get mad at him and even cry with him. Here's Don Quixote, Santa Claus, and Faust rolled into one "thick shadow" of a man. A joyous sixty-year-old American street painter lives on the Left Bank in Paris, making a living by creating rentable apartments out of the most unlikely spaces. Mostly, however, he paints with utter delight in the creative act and discovers remarkable characters along his path: crafts-men, students, prostitutes, motorcyclists. He scumbles and fails. He digs twisting tunnels under Paris streets and builds nests: nature nests, rats' nests, birds' nests. He collects clocks and designs his own life from the "inside." Wanting to be true beyond honesty, visible past seeing to being, Scumbler scrambles, tumbles, rumbles, rambles through the ecstatic pleasure of creation and the pangs of ordinary existence.. Genre: Fiction,Novels.
Title: Pride. Author: William Wharton, Description: During the Depression, a 10-year-old boy befriends a carnival stuntman and his lion cub and learns about the meaning of family, loyalty, love, and survival.. Genre: Fiction,Novels,Historical,Classics.
Title: Steam on West Country Branch Lines. Author: Peter     Gray, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: Beauty Pop, Vol. 5. Author: Kiyoko Arai, Description: Narumi's father, Yujiro, a world famous hairstylist with salons across the globe, has never been able to defeat Kiri's father Seiji in a hairstyling competition. Will Narumi be able to surpass his father by winning against Kiri?. Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Manga,Shojo,Romance,Young Adult,Comics Manga,Humor,Comedy,Contemporary,Drama,Humor.
Title: Beauty Pop, Vol. 2. Author: Kiyoko Arai, Description: Beauty at any cost - extreme manga make-over,Although a truly gifted hairstylist, Kiri Koshiba has no interest in using her talent to pursue fame and fortune, unlike the three popular boys in the "Scissors Project" at school. Determined to become the best makeover team in Japan, they give showy makeovers to handpicked girls. As much as Kiri tries to shy away from the Scissors Project spotlight, she finds herself responding to beauty's call...,Kiri's identity as the mysterious "X" who does makeovers behind the scenes is now public knowledge as she competes against hairstylist Narumi. In their one-on-one Scissors Project challenge the hairstylist who loses will receive a haircut by the winner--and must endure whatever that haircut might be.... Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Manga,Shojo,Romance,Young Adult,Comics Manga,Humor,Comedy,Sequential Art,Comics,Drama,Contemporary.
Title: Beauty Pop, Vol. 4. Author: Kiyoko Arai, Description: Kiri steps in to help the injured Narumi in a Scissors Project beauty battle. But before Kiri can complete her magic, reminders of an incident in her past make her too fearful to continue with the cut.. Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Romance,Manga,Shojo,Young Adult,Comics Manga,Humor,Comedy,Sequential Art,Comics,Drama,Contemporary.
Title: Beauty Pop, Vol. 1. Author: Kiyoko Arai, Description: In Kiri's school there are 3 boys who carry out transformations on random pretty girls; Narumi Shougo, the hairstylist, Minami Kei, the nail artist and Ochiai Kazuhiko who balances the overall look. They are adored by the girls because they are so good at making them beautiful. However, Kiri is also a master hairstylist who is willing to 'add some magic' for those who need it, but in disguise. Now Kiri is forced to face the three in a showdown with Narumi.. Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Romance,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Young Adult,Manga,Shojo,Comics Manga,Sequential Art,Comics,Humor,Comedy,Contemporary,Media Tie In,Anime.
Title: The Medieval Quest for Arthur. Author: Robert Allen Rouse,Cory James Rushton, Description: In this original look at the world of Arthur, the authors show how the people of medieval England engaged with the Arthurian legend. Individual chapters cover Winchester as the site of Camelot, the crown of Arthur presented by Edward I, and the various items associated with Dover, Glastonbury Abbey, and other sites. Far from being credulous and gullible, it is clear that people actively debated Arthurian history. The book concludes with a discussion of the 16th-century antiquarian John Leland and those who followed in his footsteps, continuing to search for the physical remains of Arthur and his court.. Genre: History,Mythology,Arthurian.
Title: City Hunter Volume 1. Author: Tsukasa Hojo, Description: City Hunter (written by Hojo Tsukasa) will be the second new graphic novel title to premier in June. Featuring a time when the dark alleys of the Shinjuku District in Tokyo are filled with uncontrollable crime. Citizens seek the help of the "City Hunter," a sure shot professional gunman who never misses his target with his Colt .357 magnum.. Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Komik,Comics Manga,Manga,Shonen,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Adventure,Sequential Art,Mystery,Crime,Cultural,Japan.
Title: Empire of the Stars: Obsession, Friendship and Betrayal in the Quest for Black Holes. Author: Arthur I. Miller, Description: In August 1930, on a voyage from Madras to London, a young Indian looked up at the stars and contemplated their fate. Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar--Chandra, as he was called--calculated that certain stars would suffer a strange and violent death, collapsing to virtually nothing. This extraordinary claim, the first mathematical description of black holes, brought Chandra into direct conflict with Sir Arthur Eddington, one of the greatest astrophysicists of the day. Eddington ridiculed the young man's idea at a meeting of the Royal Astronomy Society in 1935, sending Chandra into an intellectual and emotional tailspin--and hindering the progress of astrophysics for nearly forty years., Empire of the Stars is the dramatic story of this intellectual debate and its implications for twentieth-century science. Arthur I. Miller traces the idea of black holes from early notions of "dark stars" to the modern concepts of wormholes, quantum foam, and baby universes. In the process, he follows the rise of two great theories--relativity and quantum mechanics--that meet head on in black holes. Empire of the Stars provides a unique window into the remarkable quest to understand how stars are born, how they live, and, most portentously (for their fate is ultimately our own), how they die., It is also the moving tale of one man's struggle against the establishment--an episode that sheds light on what science is, how it works, and where it can go wrong. Miller exposes the deep-seated prejudices that plague even the most rational minds. Indeed, it took the nuclear arms race to persuade scientists to revisit Chandra's work from the 1930s, for the core of a hydrogen bomb resembles nothing so much as an exploding star. Only then did physicists realize the relevance, truth, and importance of Chandra's work, which was finally awarded a Nobel Prize in 1983., Set against the waning days of the British Empire and taking us right up to the present, this sweeping history examines the quest to understand one of the most forbidding phenomena in the universe, as well as the passions that fueled that quest over the course of a century.. Genre: Science,Nonfiction,Science,Physics,Biography,Science,Astronomy,History,Science,History Of Science.
Title: No Exit and Three Other Plays. Author: Jean-Paul Sartre,Stuart Gilbert,Lionel Abel, Description: In these four plays, Jean-Paul Sartre, the great existentialist novelist and philosopher, displays his mastery of drama. NO EXIT is an unforgettable portrayal of hell. THE FLIES is a modern reworking of the Electra-Orestes story. DIRTY HANDS is about a young intellectual torn between theory and praxis. THE RESPECTFUL PROSTITUTE is an attack on American racism.. Genre: Plays,Philosophy,Drama,Fiction,Classics,Cultural,France,Plays,Theatre,Literature,European Literature,French Literature,Academic,School.
Title: The Book of Proper Names. Author: Amélie Nothomb,Shaun Whiteside, Description: "To have an extraordinary life, Lucette believes, one must have an extraordinary name. Horrified by the pedestrian names her husband chooses for their unborn child (Tanguy if it's a boy, Joelle if it's a girl), Lucette does the only honorable thing to save her baby from such an unexceptional destiny - she kills her spouse. While in prison, Lucette gives birth to a daughter to whom she bequeaths the portentous name of an obscure saint, Plectrude, before hanging herself." From her beginnings, Plectrude seems fated for a life like no other. Raised by an indulgent and adoring aunt, she is a dreamy child who is discovered to have enormous gifts as a dancer. Accepted at Paris's most prestigious ballet school, Plectrude devotes herself to artistic perfection, giving dance her heart and soul - and ultimately her body. As her world shatters as easily as her bones, she learns to survive in the only way she knows how - by committing an act of deadly self-preservation her mother would have understood best.. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,France,Contemporary,European Literature,French Literature,Cultural,Belgium,Roman,Literary Fiction,Novels,Literature,European Literature,Belgian.
Title: You Believers. Author: Jane Bradley, Description: You Believers is a powerful, cathartic story of casual evil and of how the worst things can be faced so that we might not only survive, but grow. A young woman goes missing, and her mother uproots her life to find her daughter. But it is not just the heartbreak or the deep mystery of the hunt for lost loved ones that Bradley so convincingly explores. Rather, with the help of an amazingly dedicated searcher, family and friends somehow learn to move past unspeakable horror and celebrate the tenacity of the human spirit. Offering a vision that is at once ruthless and utterly compassionate, Bradley renders the search for logic, meaning, redemption and even hope in the domino force that is human nature.,Part Southern gothic, part crime, part haunting suspense story, You Believers takes us on an infinitely harrowing journey that rewards the reader with insight into how we might endure horrible events with faith, strength, and grace even while it reveals the ripple effects of random violence.. Genre: Fiction,Mystery,Thriller,Mystery,Crime,Death,Suspense,Gothic,Southern Gothic,Horror.
Title: The Myth of the Birth of the Hero: A Psychological Exploration of Myth. Author: Otto Rank, Description: Originally published in German in 1909, Otto Rank's The Myth of the Birth of the Hero offered psychoanalytical interpretations of mythological stories as a means of understanding the human psyche. Like his mentor Freud, Rank compared the myths of such figures as Oedipus, Moses, and Sargon with common dreams, seeing in both a symbolic fulfillment of repressed desire. Thirteen years later, Rank substantially revised this seminal work, incorporating new discoveries in psychoanalysis, mythology, and ethnology, doubling the size of the book. This expanded second edition has never before been available in English.. Genre: Psychology,Fantasy,Mythology,Philosophy,Nonfiction,Religion,Self Help,Philosophy,Theory,Literature,Psychology,Psychoanalysis.
Title: Foliations and Geometric Structures. Author: Aurel Bejancu, Description: The theory of foliations of manifolds was created in the forties of the last century by Ch. Ehresmann and G. Reeb [ER44]. Since then, the subject has enjoyed a rapid development and thousands of papers investigating foliations have appeared. A list of papers and preprints on foliations up to 1995 can be found in Tondeur [Ton97]. Due to the great interest of topologists and geometers in this rapidly ev- ving theory, many books on foliations have also been published one after the other. We mention, for example, the books written by: I. Tamura [Tam76], G. Hector and U. Hirsch [HH83], B. Reinhart [Rei83], C. Camacho and A.L. Neto [CN85], H. Kitahara [Kit86], P. Molino [Mol88], Ph. Tondeur [Ton88], [Ton97], V. Rovenskii [Rov98], A. Candel and L. Conlon [CC03]. Also, the survey written by H.B. Lawson, Jr. [Law74] had a great impact on the de- lopment of the theory of foliations. So it is natural to ask: why write yet another book on foliations? The answerisverysimple.Ourareasofinterestandinvestigationaredi?erent.The main theme of this book is to investigate the interrelations between foliations of a manifold on one hand, and the many geometric structures that the ma- foldmayadmitontheotherhand.Amongthesestructureswemention: a?ne, Riemannian, semi-Riemannian, Finsler, symplectic, and contact structures.. Genre: Science,Mathematics,Mathematics,Geometry.
Title: The Mammoth Book of Arthurian Legends. Author: Mike Ashley, Description: The enduring myths surrounding Camelot -- the Grail Quest, the Fisher King, the sorcerer Merlin, the sword Excalibur -- inspired tales by Jane Yolen, Hillaire Belloc, Peter Tremayne, and P. G. Wodehouse, all collected here by Arthurian expert Mike Ashley. Featuring Galahad, Lancelot, Gawain, and other favorite characters from the Age of Chivalry, this Mammoth collection of forty stories includes tales of heroism and wizardry by John Steinbeck, Brian Stableford, Phyllis Ann Karr, Tanith Lee, and many more.. Genre: Mythology,Arthurian,Fantasy,Short Stories,Classics,Anthologies,Fantasy,Mythology.
Title: Earth X. Author: Jim Krueger,Alex Ross,John Paul Leon, Description: Great epics come along only once in a long while. Stories that push the normal boundaries and force the reader to think. Stories so powerful in message and so grand in scale that the guidelines by which such tales are usually judged are completely rearranged. Spawned from the brilliant creative mind of Alex Ross, EARTH X is one such epic. Along with writer Jim Krueger and artist John Paul Leon, Ross breathes life into and gives amazing detail to every facet of the EARTH X mythos - made evident by everything from his early conceptual pencil sketches to each of his fourteen beautifully painted covers. EARTH X explores the depths and heights of the Marvel Universe, from the roots of its humble beginnings to the peak of its ultimate potential.,Collects Earth X #0-12, X.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Superheroes,Marvel,Comics,Superheroes,Comics,Comic Book,Graphic Novels Comics,Fiction,Science Fiction,Fantasy,Apocalyptic,Post Apocalyptic.
Title: Horizontalism: Voices of Popular Power in Argentina. Author: Marina Sitrin, Description: Chosen by Rebecca Solnit for her "Secret Library of Hope: 12 Books to Stiffen Your Resolve" (Dec. 2007).,“The movements in Argentina have been among the most creative and inspirational in recent years. Marina Sitrin’s collection allows us to learn from the activists themselves and continue the experiments in autonomy and democracy they have begun.”—Michael Hardt, co-author of ,Empire,“...a fascinating account about what is fresh and new about the Argentine uprising.”—John Holloway, author of ,Change the World Without Taking Power,The popular rebellion that began in December 2001 in Argentina with the IMF melt-down and subsequent capital flight sparked a process of creativity that continues to this day. Different from so many social movements of the past, this rebellion rejects political programs, opting instead to create directly democratic spaces on street corners, in factories, and throughout neighborhoods. Many have come to call this new social relationship, “horizontalidad.”,Horizontalism, is an oral history of the exciting transformations taking place since the popular rebellion. It is a story of cooperation, vision, creation and discovery. It is a history told by people in the various autonomous social movements, from the occupied factories, neighborhood assemblies, arts and independent media collectives, to the indigenous communities and unemployed workers movements.,Marina Sitrin, is a New York City-based lawyer, writer, and activist who has spent large portions of the past three years in Argentina. Her work has appeared in ,Left Turn, and ,Perspectives,.. Genre: Nonfiction,Politics,History,Feminism.
Title: The Vegetable Dishes I Can't Live Without. Author: Mollie Katzen, Description: Sometimes we need a little inspiration when it comes to adding more vegetables to our plate. Thankfully for us, Mollie Katzen knows a thing or two about vegetables! On the 30th anniversary of her groundbreaking ,Moosewood Cookbook,, Mollie presents just under 100 delicious vegetable side dishes in this delightful and beautiful cookbook. Whether you need an appetizer, a quick and easy snack for the kids, or something to accompany a main dish, this cookbook offers creative recipes and countless ways to infuse more vegetables into our diets. Both vegetarians and meat-eaters alike can benefit from these tasty and healthy side dishes, many of which you can even serve as stand-alone meals. ,The Vegetable Dishes I Can't Live Without, is an assortment of mostly new recipes, with new twists on some old favorites. Presented in her signature style and with her classic hand-drawn illustrations, these are the recipes she loves the most, and the recipes her millions of fans will most cherish.. Genre: Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Food and Drink,Cooking,Food and Drink,Food,Nonfiction,Food and Drink,Vegetarian,Reference.
Title: Introduction to Physical Therapy. Author: Michael A. Pagliarulo, Description: Introduction to Physical Therapy,, 4e by Michael Pagliarulo provides a comprehensive description of the profession and practice of physical therapy.,NEW! ,Evolve website with a test bank, PowerPoint presentations, and image collection.,The only introductory textbook that includes an overview of the profession and clinical information,Chapter on reimbursement introduces the fiscal aspect of health care and reimbursement for physical therapy services.,Chapter on communication and cultural competence helps the PT and PTA understand behavior due to cultural differences.,EXPANDED!, Numerous learning aides, including chapter outlines, key terms, learning objectives, questions to ask, boxes, tables, summaries and up to date references, suggested readings, and reviewe questions.,The lastest information on current trends in health care and the profession of physical therapy keeps the students current on latest issues.. Genre: nan.
Title: Scriptures Of The World's Religions. Author: James Fieser,John Powers, Description: This anthology of scriptures in English translation from the world's living religions offers approximately 80 selections that vary in length from a few paragraphs to 15 pages. Sections and subsections contain brief editor's introductions which discuss the nature and scope of scripture within each religion, and the history of the scripture presented.. Genre: Religion,Textbooks,History,Academic,Academics,Philosophy,Nonfiction.
Title: A Disagreement With Death. Author: Craig Shaw Gardner, Description: Wuntvor has caught the cold eye of Death himself, who seeks to add the hapless apprentice to his morbid minions.... Genre: Fantasy,Humor,Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Humor,Comedy,Fantasy,High Fantasy,Adventure,Horror.
Title: The Plague Lords of Ruel. Author: Joe Dever, Description: The sole survivor of the Order of Kai, the reader is asked to battle sinister killers, the evil Cener Druids of Ruel, who plan to release a deadly virus into the atmosphere.. Genre: Fantasy,Games,Gamebooks,Fiction,Games,Role Playing Games,Games,Gaming,Gamebooks,Choose Your Own Adventure.
Title: GURPS Black Ops. Author: S. John Ross, Description: -- A super-high-powered, cinematic campaign world, fast-moving and violent.,-- Ties in with current Hollywood hits...aliens and conspiracy!,-- Covers both realistic and Hollywood-style operations.. Genre: Games,Role Playing Games,Games,Gaming,Science Fiction,Fiction,Sports and Games,Games.
Title: A história do amor de Fernando e Isaura. Author: Ariano Suassuna, Description: O romance A história do amor de Fernando e Isaura foi a primeira experiência de Ariano Suassuna no campo da prosa de ficção. Apesar de datar de 1956, permaneceu inédito até 1994, quando foi publica do por uma pequena editora de Recife. Somente agora, meio século depois de escrito, e objeto de uma edição de dimensão nacional através da Editora Jose Olympio. A história do amor de Fernando e Isaura é uma espécie de versão brasileira de Tristão e Isolda (historia imortalizada pela- obra de Joseph Bédier) e, como o próprio autor declarou, lhe serviu para avaliar e exercitar as forças de que dispunha para escrever o grande romance com que vinha sonhando - o clássico ´Romance d´A Pedra do Reino´, escrito entre 1958 e 1970. A história do amor de Fernando e Isaura é uma paixão proibida. Um amor tão verdadeiro e intenso que, impedido de ser vivenciado em toda a sua plenitude, encaminha-se para um trágico desfecho. Até hoje, é o único romance de Suassuna que não se passa na Paraíba e, além disso, ao contrario do que aparece em toda a sua obra, o Sertão encontra-se praticamente ausente da narrativa: seu cenário e Alagoas, com grande parte das ações decorrendo nas proximidades do mar. "Mais do que simples ´acasos´, o que se percebe por trás dos acontecimentos aqui narrados e o trabalho silencioso do Destino, a tecer sua complexa rede de sortilégios e embustes, preparando armadilhas das quais ninguém se encontra a salvo",escreve_Carlos Newton Junior na apresentação. "Suassuna usa todo seu talento de escritor para delegar ao Destino um papel decisivo no desenrolar da história, criando uma atmosfera de tragédia grega que não existe no romance de Bédier e que atribui, a Fernando e Isaura, a originalidade necessária a toda e qualquer obra de arte.". Genre: Literature,Fiction.
Title: Yzerman: The Making of a Champion. Author: Douglas  Hunter, Description: Skilled, determined, tireless, and courageous, Steve Yzerman may be the most revered player in the NHL today. Drawing on the insights of coaches, teammates and league insiders, award-winning writer Douglas Hunter charts Yzerman's career as "the player's player," the embodiment of skill, dedication, sacrifice, and leadership.,Yzerman went fourth overall to the Detroit Red Wings in the very strong 1983 NHL entry draft, which included such prospects as Tom Barasso, Cam Neely, and Pat LaFontaine. He made an immediate impact in the NHL with his dazzling offensive skills. In 1986, having just turned 21, he was made the youngest captain in league history.,Despite his individual success, including being one of the only three players in NHL history to record a 155-point season, Yzerman's team struggled and Detroit's devoted hockey fans wondered when he would reverse the Red Wings' fortunes. When Detroit was unexpectedly bumped from the playoffs in the '95 Stanley Cup final, many fingers, pointed at the captain. Determined to bring a championship back to Detroit, shrugging off persistent trade rumors, Yzerman continued to adjust his game for the good of the team. While his finesse as a playmaker and goal scorer remained in evidence, the gritty centerman blocked shots, drove to the net, and worked tirelessly along the boards in the corners. He led by aggressive example on the ice and with quiet confidence in the dressing room.,In 1997, when the Red Wings won their first Stanley Cup since 1955, Yzerman proved he was a winner. He proved it again the next season, when he raised the Cup for a second time and was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as the playoffs' most valuable player. In 2002 the team captured its third Stanley Cup in seven seasons and that same year Yzerman was pivotal in Team Canada's Olympic gold medal victory.. Genre: Sports,Sports,Sports,Hockey,Biography,Nonfiction.
Title: The Blackness Between. Author: Howard Tayler, Description: This is the second print collection of Schlock Mercenary, and it is chock-full of new footnotes and sketches, plus 8 pages of never-before-seen bonus story explaining how Schlock got rich escaping from the circus. This 100 page, full-color collection can stand alone, but makes an ideal companion volume to Under New Management.. Genre: Science Fiction,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Humor,Fiction,Sequential Art,Webcomic,Space,Space Opera,Comics,Comic Book,Adventure,Sequential Art,Cartoon.
Title: Село не люди. Author: Liuko Dashvar, Description: У селі все про всіх знають. Нічого не приховаєш. Тим більше – палку пристрасть дівчини-школярки Катерини до одруженого чоловіка Романа, батька її однокласника Олександра. Але невдовзі хлопець гине. У його трагічній смерті звинувачують Катю. Дівчина страждає. Та біда одна не ходить... Куди подітися засудженій громадою, наляканій та самотній Каті? Чим завершаться поневіряння нової Лоліти? Чи знайде вона своє щастя? Чи вистоїть під жорстокими ударами долі? Всевишній знає правду і не покине невинну душу на поталу юрбі.. Genre: European Literature,Ukrainian Literature,Fiction,Cultural,Ukraine,Modern.
Title: Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, Pearl, Cleanness, Patience. Author: Unknown,J.J. Anderson,A.C. Cawley, Description: SIR GAWAIN AND THE GREEN KNIGHT is one of the most important alliterative poems of Medieval literature. Genre: Poetry,Classics,Historical,Medieval,Mythology,Arthurian,Fantasy,Literature,Fiction,Academic,School,European Literature,British Literature,Fantasy,Mythology.
Title: Drawing and Painting Fantasy Landscapes and Cityscapes. Author: Rob Alexander,Martin McKenna, Description: Artists interested in graphic novels and comic book illustration will find all the guidance and inspiration they need to draw and paint landscapes that evoke myths and legends, lost empires, futuristic planets, dramatic dreamscapes, underwater worlds, and subterranean cities. Easy-to-follow instructions and step-by-step illustrations demonstrate techniques for rendering a wide range of fantasy features, whether working in ink, watercolor, or computer pixels. Details covered in this heavily illustrated volume include -- choice of materials, with advice on getting the most from software programs . . . basics of perspective, architectural geometry, color, mood, and seasonal variations . . . landscape features, including skies, clouds, mountains, caves, deserts, snow, and water reflections . . . imagined landscapes from ancient cultures, future worlds, alien planets, undersea worlds, and surreal dreamscapes . . . cityscapes, from medieval towns to the metropolis of the future . . . famous fantasy worlds, from Atlantis to Middle Earth. This good-looking and instructive volume features a gallery of fantasy and science fiction images among its more than 200 color illustrations.. Genre: Art,Art,Drawing,Nonfiction,Reference,Design.
Title: Wizardology. Author: Master Merlin,Dugald A. Steer, Description: Aspiring wizards can tune in to the age-old wisdom of Merlin with this dazzling compendium of all things magical — unveiling novelty elements throughout. ,For any apprentice determined to learn the arcane arts of wizardry, could there be a better teacher than . . . Merlin himself? Originally discovered in 1588, this remarkable text by history's most respected wizard is revealed to the world for the very first time. Lavishly illustrated by four delicate artists, WIZARDOLOGY's intricate design even conceals a series of hidden symbols that spell out a secret message when their code is deciphered — if the reader is clever enough to find them. ,Among WIZARDOLOGY's special features are:,-a glittering crystal ball-like jewel on the front cover ,- a world map showing locations of wizards around the globe,- tactile samples of a "fairy flag" with one wish remaining and a phoenix feather to aid in flying charms,- booklets explaining the proper use of spells, familiars, and potions,- a removable dragon pendant allowing the user to dowse for mythical beasts,- a pack of eight removable fortune-tellling cards,- a 48-page mini book of divination on the final spread. Genre: Fantasy,Childrens,Childrens,Picture Books,Fiction,Fantasy,Magic,Reference,Young Adult,Fantasy,Mythology,Childrens,Middle Grade,Art.
Title: Case Study Research: Design and Methods. Author: Robert K. Yin, Description: This new edition of the best-selling ,Case Study Research, has been carefully revised, updated, and expanded while retaining virtually all of the features and coverage of the ,Second Edition,. Robert Yin's comprehensive presentation covers all aspects of the case study method--from problem definition, design, and data collection, to data analysis and composition and reporting. Yin also traces the uses and importance of case studies to a wide range of disciplines, from sociology, psychology and history to management, planning, social work, and education.. Genre: Reference,Research,Research,Research Methods,Nonfiction,Academic,Reference,Science,Education,Research Methods,Qualitative Research,Academic,School,Sociology.
Title: Тореадори з Васюківки. Author: Vsevolod Nestayko, Description: Важко знайти в нашій літературі щось настільки веселе, талановите й дотепне, як ця неперевершена книга Всеволода Нестайка, якого часто називають Гоголем сучасної української дитячої літератури. Недаремно "Тореадори з Васюківки" перекладено двадцятьма мовами і внесено до Особливо Почесного списку Андерсена як один з найвидатніших творів світової літератури для дітей. Це перше видання нової авторської редакції роману з новими надзвичайно веселими епізодами.. Genre: European Literature,Ukrainian Literature,Fiction,Childrens,Adventure,Humor,Classics,Cultural,Ukraine.
Title: Beachbum Berry's Sippin' Safari: In Search of the Great 'Lost' Tropical Drink Recipes…and the People Behind Them. Author: Jeff Beachbum Berry, Description: By the author of ,Beachbum Berry's Grog Log,, ,Beachbum Berry's Intoxica!, and ,Beachbum Berry's Taboo Table,. ,Jeff Berry (or 'Beachbum Berry', as he is better known), is America's leading authority on tropical drinks and polynesian pop culture. In this all-new book, Berry not only offers up tantilizing new drink recipes, but tells stories about some of the most famous figures of their time. ,The Bum applies the same dogged research to the untold stories of the people behind the drinks. Stories culled from over 100 interviews with those who actually created the mid-century tiki scene - people as colorful as the drinks they invented, or served, or simply drank. People like: Leon Lontoc, Don The Beachcomber's waiter who served Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando by night and acted in their movies by day; Henry Riddle, the Malibu Seacomber bartender who fed items about his famous customers to infamous gossip columnist Louella Parsons, till the day Howard Hughes found him out; and Duke Kamanamoku, whose manager turned him from Olympic champion into reluctant restaurateur.. Genre: Alcohol,Cocktails,Nonfiction,Alcohol,Booze,History,Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Food and Drink,Cooking.
Title: Applications of Case Study Research. Author: Robert K. Yin, Description: A companion to Robert Yin's highly successful textbook Case Study Research: Design and Methods (3rd Edition, 2003), Applications of Case Study Research, Second Edition discusses numerous completed case studies on a variety of topics and includes examples using specific case study techniques and principles. The topics emphasize institutional and organizational phenomena, such as education, law enforcement, public health, economic development, and job training. From design to reporting, the applications identify and suggest solutions to problems commonly encountered when doing case studies.. Genre: Reference,Research.
Title: The Dragonology Handbook: A Practical Course in Dragons. Author: Dugald A. Steer,Ernest Drake, Description: This indispensable workbook teaches everything you need to know to become an esteemed dragonologist.,Attention, devoted dragonology students! How many classic riddles do you know that could help you survive a dragon encounter? What dragon species attacks its victims with a "frosty blast" instead of a jet of flame? Which historical questions should you ask a dragon in order to estimate its age? Can you write your name using only dragon runes? Contained in this beautifully designed, comprehensive course book are invisibility spells to memorize, charts to complete, maps to shade in, matching exercises to do, journal entries to write, experiments to conduct, even instructions for making a dragon attractor. Among the volume's charming novelty elements are:,—Dr. Drake's own school report card,— A pullout official ID card from the Secret & Ancient Society of,Dragonologists,—Four sheets of stickers featuring dragons, gems, vintage ads and posters — and more!. Genre: Fantasy,Fantasy,Dragons,Childrens,Fiction,Childrens,Picture Books,Reference,Fantasy,Mythology,Fantasy,Magic,Childrens,Middle Grade,Science Fiction.
Title: The Complete Novels. Author: Flann O'Brien, Description: Flann O’Brien, along with Joyce and Beckett, is part of the holy trinity of modern Irish literature. His five novels–collected here in one volume–are a monument to his inspired lunacy and gleefully demented genius. ,O’Brien’s masterpiece, ,At Swim-Two-Birds,, is an exuberant literary send-up and one of the funniest novels of the twentieth century. The novel’s narrator is writing a novel about another man writing a novel, in a Celtic knot of interlocking stories. The riotous cast of characters includes figures “stolen” from Gaelic legends, along with assorted students, fairies, ordinary Dubliners, and cowboys, some of whom try to break free of their author’s control and destroy him., The narrator of ,The Third Policeman,, who has forgotten his name, is a student of philosophy who has committed murder and wanders into a surreal hell where he encounters such oddities as the ghost of his victim, three policeman who experiment with space and time, and his own soul (who is named “Joe”)., ,The Poor Mouth,, a bleakly hilarious portrait of peasants in a village dominated by pigs, potatoes, and endless rain, is a giddy parody aimed at those who would romanticize Gaelic culture. A naïve young orphan narrates the deadpan farce The Hard Life, and The Dalkey Archive is an outrageous satiric fantasy featuring a mad scientist who uses relativity to age his whiskey, a policeman who believes men can turn into bicycles, and an elderly, bar-tending James Joyce. With a new Introduction by Keith Donohue. Genre: Fiction,Classics,Cultural,Ireland,European Literature,Irish Literature,Literature,Humor,Novels,Literary Fiction,Surreal,Anthologies.
Title: Epic. Author: Conor Kostick, Description: Generations ago, violence was banned on New Earth. Society is governed and conflicts are resolved in the arena of a fantasy computer game, Epic. Everyone plays. If you win, you have the chance to go to university, get more supplies for your community, and fulfill your dreams; if you lose, your life both in and out of the game is worth nothing., When Erik, seeking revenge for the unjust treatment of his parents, dares to subvert the rules of Epic, he and his friends find themselves up against with the ultimate masters of the game: the Committee. If Erik and his friends win, they may have the key to destroying Epic's tyranny over New Earth. But if they lose . . .,   , , With its setting of a fantasy MMORPG, Epic is an early example of LitRPG. Genre: Science Fiction,Fantasy,Young Adult,Science Fiction,Dystopia,Fiction,Adventure,Young Adult,Teen,Epic,Science Fiction,Virtual Reality,Action.
Title: The Devil in Vienna. Author: Doris Orgel, Description: Inge Dorenwald and Lieselotte Vessely have been best friends for most of their thirteen years. They share secrets, fears, hopes and even the same birthday. It never mattered that Inge was Jewish and that Lieselotte was the daughter of a Nazi SS officer—until now. Hitler and Nazism are infiltrating Vienna, Austria, in 1938 and suddenly it is forbidden for the girls to continue seeing each other. Despite the danger, Inge and Liselotte struggle to keep their friendship alive. But will they be able to do it?,This novel, based on the author’s own experiences during World War II, is an ALA Notable Book and winner of the Sydney Taylor Award and the Golden Kite Award.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,World War II,Holocaust,Fiction,Young Adult,Historical,War,World War II,Childrens,Childrens,Middle Grade,Realistic Fiction.
Title: Freedom on the Menu: The Greensboro Sit-Ins. Author: Carole Boston Weatherford,Jerome Lagarrigue, Description: When four courageous black teens sat down at a lunch counter in the segregated South of 1960, the reverberations were felt both far beyond and close to home. This insightful story offers a child's-eye view of this seminal event in the American Civil Rights Movement. Connie is used to the signs and customs that have let her drink only from certain water fountains and which bar her from local pools and some stores, but still . . . she'd love to sit at the lunch counter, just like she's seen other girls do. , Showing how an ordinary family becomes involved in the great and personal cause of their times, it's a tale that invites everyone to celebrate our country's everyday heroes, of all ages.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Historical,Historical Fiction,Childrens,Cultural,African American,Cultural,Social Movements,Social Justice,North American Hi...,American History,Kids,Race,Realistic Fiction.
Title: Destiny in the Palm of Your Hand: Creating Your Future through Vedic Palmistry. Author: Ghanshyam Singh Birla, Description: Use the ancient Indian art of Vedic palmistry as a guide to self-understanding and the creation of your destiny. , ,• Learn to influence your future to bring forth the best qualities of heart, mind, and soul. , ,• Read a record of the past, a print of the present, and guidance for the future in the ever changing interplay of lines. , ,• Become aware of your innate tendencies and personality type from the lines in your palms. , ,One's destiny isn't carved in stone. Rather than predicting a set future, Vedic palmistry shows us how to take active steps to influence and improve our destinies once we have gained better self-understanding. Using dozens of illustrations and examples of actual palm prints, Birla demonstrates how our less dominant hand reflects all that we have inherited from the past--old behavior patterns, thoughts, desires, and attitudes--while our dominant hand (the hand we write with) reflects our resolve to change for the better. By comparing both hands we gain an understanding of where we are coming from and where we are headed. As we make positive changes in our lives, the lines on our palms will actually change to reflect our progress.. Genre: nan.
Title: Revealing Hands: How To Read Palms. Author: Richard Webster, Description: As soon as you complete the first chapter, you can begin reading palms with confidence and expertise. A professional palmist and teacher leads you step-by-step through the subject with clear explanations and life-size hand drawings that highlight the points being covered. He provides sample scripts that can serve as a foundation for your readings, and he answers common questions.. Genre: Nonfiction,Pseudoscience,Palmistry.
Title: Liberation in the Palm of Your Hand: A Concise Discourse on the Path to Enlightenment. Author: Pabongka Rinpoche,Trijang Rinpoche,Michael   Richards, Description: The classic guide for the study, practice, and realization of Buddhist teachings is one of the most fundamental texts of Tibetan Buddhism. In 1921, legendary teacher Pabongka Rinpoche gave a twenty-four day teaching to a mass gathering of monks, nuns, and laypeople that was a complete synthesis of all the Buddha's teachings. "Liberation in the Palm of Your Hand is a translation from Tibetan of the notes from that teaching taken by Trijang Rinpoche, who became the current Dalai Lama's tutor. This book contains most of the famous "teaching" stories of Tibetan Buddhism.. Genre: Religion,Buddhism,Spirituality,Nonfiction,Religion.
Title: Naked: Writers Uncover the Way We Live on Earth. Author: Susan Zakin, Description: Through works of fiction, narrative nonfiction, and memoir, this energetic anthology addresses issues that concern us today: genetic research, globalization, technology, urban alienation, suburban sprawl, immigration, animal rights, colonialism, wilderness preservation, and much more. Naked is no gentle ode to the natural world. With politically charged rants, outrageous personal journeys, and fiction that shocks and challenges, Naked updates the passionate environmentalism of Edward Abbey and his generation. Contributors include T. C. Boyle, Klaus Kinski, Charles Bowden, A. L. Kennedy, Bruce Chatwin, and many others.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Invention of World Religions: Or, How European Universalism Was Preserved in the Language of Pluralism. Author: Tomoko Masuzawa, Description: The idea of "world religions" expresses a vague commitment to multiculturalism. Not merely a descriptive concept, "world religions" is actually a particular ethos, a pluralist ideology, a logic of classification, and a form of knowledge that has shaped the study of religion and infiltrated ordinary language.,In this ambitious study, Tomoko Masuzawa examines the emergence of "world religions" in modern European thought. Devoting particular attention to the relation between the comparative study of language and the nascent science of religion, she demonstrates how new classifications of language and race caused Buddhism and Islam to gain special significance, as these religions came to be seen in opposing terms-Aryan on one hand and Semitic on the other. Masuzawa also explores the complex relation of "world religions" to Protestant theology, from the hierarchical ordering of religions typical of the Christian supremacists of the nineteenth century to the aspirations of early twentieth-century theologian Ernst Troeltsch, who embraced the pluralist logic of "world religions" and by so doing sought to reclaim the universalist destiny of European modernity.. Genre: Religion,History,Philosophy,Theory,Philosophy,Nonfiction,Academic,Spirituality,Religion,Theology,Anthropology,Academic,School.
Title: A Strange Manuscript found in a Copper Cylinder. Author: James De Mille, Description: With its curious mixture of adventure, natural history and satire this early Canadian novel has become a landmark work of fantasy and science fiction.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fantasy,Fiction,Classics,Adventure,Cultural,Canada,Speculative Fiction,Literature,19th Century,Historical,Victorian,Science Fiction,Dystopia.
Title: Color Atlas of Anatomy: A Photographic Study of the Human Body. Author: Johannes W. Rohen,Chihiro Yokochi,Elke Lütjen-Drecoll, Description: The on-going core of this atlas is its standard of realistic illustrations that portray anatomical relationships. Photographs of actual cadaver dissections along with numerous schematic drawings aid the student in anatomic orientation. Chapters are organized by region, in order of a typical dissection. Each chapter contains two sections: a description and illustration of organs, and a depiction of those organs within the regional anatomy. New to this edition is an increase of MRI pictures, approximately 30 schematic drawings made even more precise, and an updated text where appropriate.,A Brandon-Hill recommended title.. Genre: Health,Medicine,Science,Medical,Reference,Textbooks,Nonfiction,Health,Academic,School.
Title: Die Entdeckung der Langsamkeit. Author: Sten Nadolny, Description: ",Die Entdeckung der Langsamkeit," ist auf den ersten Blick zugleich ein Seefahrerroman, ein Roman über das Abenteuer und die Sehnsucht danach und ein Entwicklungsroman. Doch hat Sten Nadolny die Biographie des englischen Seefahrers und Nordpolforschers John Franklin (1786-1847) zu einer subtilen Studie über die Zeit umgeschrieben: die Langsamkeit als eine Kunst, dem Rhythmus des Lebens Sinn zu verleihen. Wie bei einem Palimpsest erscheint hinter den Sätzen eine andere Schrift, hinter der Prägnanz und Redlichkeit der Aufklärung verbergen sich Humor und Traurigkeit der Romantik.,Von Kindheit an träumt John Franklin davon, zur See zu fahren, obwohl er dafür denkbar ungeeignet ist: Langsam im Sprechen und Denken, langsam in seinen Reaktionen mißt er die Zeit nach eigenen Maßstäben. Zunächst erkennt nur sein Lehrer, daß Johns eigenartige Behinderung auch Vorzüge hat - was er einmal erfaßt hat, das behält er, das Einzigartige, das Detail begreift er besser als andere. John Franklin geht zur Marine, erlebt den Krieg und das Sterben. Beides trifft ihn um so furchtbarer, als er innerhalb des von ihm kaum begriffenen, chaotisch schnellen Geschehens einzelne Vorgänge wie in Zeitlupe ablaufen sieht. Er träumt von friedlicher Entdeckung, will die legendäre Nordwestpassage finden.. Genre: Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,European Literature,German Literature,Novels,Historical,Travel,Philosophy,Contemporary,Roman,Classics.
Title: Twelfth Prophecy. Author: Bodie Thoene,Brock Thoene, Description: She is a singer of sweet songs . . . and a sinner. A searcher for truth . . . and an outcast. Life is fraught with danger in the village of Sychar in the first-century A.D. But for Abigail, the Samaritan woman, the danger lies not as much from the ever-present Roman soldiers but from the rabbi and the people of Sychar. A woman of renowned beauty, whose reputation was tarnished at an early age, Abigail is pregnant . . . and the father is not her elderly husband, Zakane. While protecting her lover's name, believing he will spirit her away, Abigail is imprisoned, then nearly stoned by her neighbors. She's befriended by the beggar Leah. But even the beggars, the lowest of the low, don't want her around. Abigail longs for love, kindness, a home for her soon-to-arrive baby . . . and forgiveness for her anguished soul. The answers will come from the most unlikely of places.. Genre: Christian Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Christian,Fiction,Historical,Biblical Fiction,Religion,Romance,Christian Romance,Romance.
Title: The Book of Dragons & Other Mythical Beasts. Author: Joseph Nigg, Description: Dragons, unicorns, griffins, and sea monsters are only some of the many fantastic animals that continue to enthrall people, even though such creatures exist only in our imaginations. As such, they have animated human folklore for thousands of years, serving as metaphors for our fears, hopes, dreams, and struggles. Here is a modern collection of lore that reflects many different cultures as it focuses on a panoply of fantastic animals. From ancient Greece came the griffin, a combination eagle and lion who guarded a treasure of gold, and whose feathers gave sight to the blind. From Egypt came the mysterious Sphinx, half human and half lion, and from Persia came Karkadan, a large, ferocious, one-horned monster who could be captured and subdued only by a young maiden. Not all mythical beasts are fierce. Lung and other Chinese dragons are cheerful and benevolent, and Drakon was reputed to be a loyal guard of the Greeks' sacred springs and treasures. This profusely illustrated book tells stories of winged birds, scaled serpents, and legendary sea creatures. It also features a unique family tree of legendary bestial correspondences that traces dragon relationships from one culture's folklore to another. The more than 130 fantastic and vivid illustrations are all in color.. Genre: Fantasy,Fantasy,Mythology,Fantasy,Dragons,Reference,Fiction,Animals,Reference,Research.
Title: Virtual Warrior. Author: Ann   Lawrence, Description: Video-game store owner Neil Scott transports himself into a virtual-reality game, where he must protect a beautiful aspiring queen. But in this harsh land vastly different from his own, Neil discovers a life worth struggling for, principles worth fighting for--and the love of a woman that can convince him love is worth dying for. (July). Genre: Romance,Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Time Travel,Fantasy,Paranormal,Contemporary.
Title: Eastern Inferno: The Journals of a German Panzerjager on the Eastern Front, 1941-43. Author: Christine Alexander,Mason Kunze, Description: This book presents the remarkable personal journals of a German soldier who participated in Operation Barbarossa and subsequent battles on the Eastern Front, revealing the combat experience of the German-Russian War as seldom seen before.,Hans Roth was a member of the anti-tank (Panzerjager) battalion, 299th Infantry Division, attached to Sixth Army, as the invasion of Russia began. Writing as events transpired, he recorded the mystery and tension as the Germans deployed on the Soviet frontier in June 1941. Then a firestorm broke loose as the Wehrmacht tore across the front, forging into the primitive vastness of the East. ,During the Kiev encirclement, Roth's unit was under constant attack as the Soviets desperately tried to break through the German ring. At one point, after the enemy had finally been beaten, a friend serving with the SS led him to a site where he witnessed civilians being massacred en masse (which may well have been Babi Yar). After suffering through a horrible winter against apparently endless Russian reserves, his division went on the offensive again, this time on the northern wing of "Case Gelb," the German drive toward Stalingrad.,In these journals, attacks and counterattacks are described in "you are there" detail, as Roth wrote privately, as if to keep himself sane, knowing that his honest accounts of the horrors in the East could never pass through Wehrmacht censors. When the Soviet counteroffensive of winter 1942 begins, his unit is stationed alongside the Italian 8th Army, and his observations of its collapse, as opposed to the reaction of the German troops sent to stiffen its front, are of special fascination.,Roth’s three journals were discovered many years after his disappearance, tucked away in the home of his brother, with whom he was known to have had a deep bond. After his brother’s death, his family discovered them and quickly sent them to Rosel, Roth’s wife. In time, Rosel handed down the journals to Erika, Roth’s only daughter, who had meantime immigrated to America.,Hans Roth was doubtlessly working on a fourth journal before he was reported missing in action in July 1944 during the battle known as the Destruction of Army Group Center. Although Roth’s ultimate fate remains unknown, what he did leave behind, now finally revealed, is an incredible firsthand account of the horrific war the Germans waged in Russia.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,War,World War II,Military,Military History,War,Military Fiction,War,Cultural,Russia,Biography,Autobiography,Memoir,European Literature,German Literature.
Title: The Hanging Shed. Author: Gordon Ferris, Description: Glasgow, 1946: The last time Douglas Brodie came home it was 1942 and he was a dashing young warrior in a kilt. Now, the war is over but victory's wine has soured and Brodie's back in Scotland to try and save childhood friend Hugh Donovan from the gallows. Everyone thought Donovan was dead, shot down in the war. Perhaps it would have been kinder if he had been killed. The man who returned was unrecognizable: mutilated, horribly burned. Donovan keeps his own company, only venturing out for heroin to deaden the pain of his wounds. When a local boy is found raped and murdered, there is only one suspect...,Donovan claims he's innocent but a mountain of evidence says otherwise. Despite the hideousness of the crime, ex-policeman Brodie feels compelled to try and help his one-time friend. Working with Donovan's advocate Samantha Campbell, Brodie trawls both the mean streets of the Gorbals and the green hills of western Scotland in their search for the truth. What they find is an unholy alliance of church, police and Glasgow's deadliest razor gang, happy to slaughter to protect their dark secrets. As time runs out for the condemned man, and the tally of murdered innocents rises, Brodie reverts to his wartime role as a trained killer. It's them or him.. Genre: Mystery,Crime,Mystery,Fiction,Cultural,Scotland,Historical,Historical Fiction,Thriller,Historical,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,Mystery,Historical Mystery,European Literature,British Literature.
Title: The Vegetarian Female: A Guide to a Healthier Diet for Women of All Ages. Author: Anika Avery-Grant,Anika Avery, Description: It's basic knowledge that vegetarians must find alternative sources of nutrients such as proteins, but women's unique nutritional needs require a more complex approach, especially during periods in the female life cycle when deficiencies are most likely to develop: adolescence, pregnancy, and post-menopause. This informative book explains how to maintain optimum health with a vegetarian diet both for ovo-lacto vegetarians and vegans, and explores illness prevention, weight concerns, and athleticism as they relate to nonmeat diets.. Genre: nan.
Title: Colonial Lives: Documents on Latin American History, 1550-1850. Author: Richard G. Boyer, Description: Colonial Lives, offers a rich variety of archival documents in translation which bring to life the political and economic workings of Latin American colonies during 300 years of Spanish rule, as well as the day-to-day lives of the colonies' inhabitants. ,Intended to complement textbooks such as Burkholder and Johnson's ,Colonial Latin America, by presenting students with primary sources -- the raw materials on which the facts in other textbooks are based -- this reader strives to illustrate the impact of issues such as race, class, gender, sexuality, culture and religion in the daily lives of both natives and colonists alike. The concerns, struggles and perspectives of the inhabitants of colonial Latin America are reflected in transcripts of civil and criminal court cases, administrative reviews, ecclesiastical investigations, Inquisition trials, wills, and letters the editors have included in this reader. ,Each document is prefaced by an introduction that places it in the social and political context of the period. The book also includes a glossary of terms and lists of suggested further readings. Most uniquely, the book offers helpful thematic cross-referencing sections and an index of themes which allow instructors to easily adapt the book to their courses and to assign readings according to the criteria of their own specific curriculums.. Genre: Nonfiction,History.
Title: The Book Of The Dragon. Author: Judy Allen, Description: nan. Genre: Fantasy,Dragons,Fantasy.
Title: A Different Kind of Teacher: Solving the Crisis of American Schooling. Author: John Taylor Gatto, Description: In 1991, shortly after receiving both the New York State and New York City Teacher of the Year Awards, John Gatto resigned to begin a new career as an education reform advocate. In this collection of 16 essays, Gatto analyzes the problems of American education and suggests solutions for revitalizing the system -- prescriptions that run counter to current trends.. Genre: Education,Nonfiction,Sociology,Teaching,Politics,History,Childrens,Philosophy,Writing,Essays.
Title: The Exhausted School: Bending The Bars Of Traditional Education. Author: John Taylor Gatto, Description: These 13 essays, presented at the 1993 National Grassroots Speakout on the Right to School Choice, illustrate how education reform actually works. Written by award-winning teachers and their students, these essays present successful teaching methods that work in both traditional and nontraditional classroom settings. Gattos voice is strong and unique. Thomas Moore, author of Care of the Soul. Genre: Education,Nonfiction,Teaching.
Title: A Dog Called Kitty. Author: Bill Wallace, Description: The puppy was small and fuzzy, with a friendly, wagging tail -- and Ricky was afraid of him! ,No wonder, since he was attacked by a dog when he was just a baby. So when a stray puppy comes sniffling around the farm, Ricky tells it to get lost. ,But the puppy keeps trying to play with Ricky. And every time Ricky's Mom feeds the cats, the little dog comes running. The cats aren't sharing their food, however, and the poor pup is slowly starving. ,If Ricky doesn't overcome his fear, the little puppy may die -- but if he lets himself get close enough to feed it, he may find the best friend he's ever had! ,Winner of the Texas Bluebonnet, the Oklahoma Sequoyah and the Nebraska Golden Sower Awards.. Genre: Childrens,Animals,Fiction,Realistic Fiction,Animals,Dogs,Childrens,Middle Grade,Young Adult,Classics,Childrens,Juvenile,Childrens,Chapter Books.
Title: Film Isms...: Understanding Cinema. Author: Ronald Bergan, Description: The perfect small-format, one-stop resource to appreciating and understanding films from Hollywood to Bollywood. Following the success of Isms: Understanding Art and Isms: Understanding Architectural Styles, this guide sorts the great classic films and directors according to the significant movements that have shaped the development of cinema. Beginning with the early silent era, it spans the entire range of movie history up to the present wave of indie films and the growing fascination with international cinema. Each spread is devoted to a distinct movement and explains when it first emerged, the principal directors, themes, and representative films, and is illustrated with film stills, posters, and photos. Important international cinematic breakthroughs are also highlighted, as well as the careers of international auteurs like Kurosawa, Fellini, and Almodóvar. From prewar Expressionism to twenty-first-century Dystopianism, Film Isms… offers an engaging, new way of understanding movie history.. Genre: Culture,Film,Nonfiction,History,Reference.
Title: The True Nature of Tarot: Your Path to Personal Empowerment (Modern Spirituality). Author: Diane Wing, Description: Get Better Results by Increasing Your Psychic Sensitivity!, ,The True Nature of Tarot, dispels the myths and negative connotations that surround the tarot by sharing the personal experiences of the author, Diane Wing, a tarot reader with 25 years of experience. Tarot is discussed as a tool of enlightenment and understanding. Diane Wing shares intuitive techniques for reading that take you beyond the conventional card meanings and deep into tarot as a tool to channel energy and increase psychic sensitivity:,  Develop your own style of reading tarot, from choosing your deck to pulling information from the cards.   Learn how a reading is experienced from the perspectives of both the reader and the inquirer.   Understand the variables that impact the accuracy of your reading.   Discover ways to increase the amount of information pulled from the tarot.   Become expert at grounding and centering to maximize your energetic stability on a daily basis.   Learn powerful spreads that give you ways to see interactions between the cards.   Increase your awareness of the ethics of imparting information., ,Acclaim for The True Nature of Tarot, "The True Nature of Tarot encourages readers to learn and explore the art of tarot. Wing provides readers with insight into the world of tarot in easy to understand terms. After reading this book you will have a desire to practice the tarot! Thank you Diane.", --Robin Marvel, author of ,Awakening Consciousness: A Girl's Guide, "The True Nature of Tarot will open the eyes of the reader on how one can utilize the knowledge obtained through the tarot in achieving higher spiritual awareness and growth.", --Tracy Griffin, human performance professional, Griffin Consulting, Toronto, Canada, Learn More At: ,www.ForestWitch.com, Another empowering book from Marvelous Spirit Press ,www.MarvelousSpirit.com, . Genre: Occult,Tarot.
Title: Stealing Rembrandts: The Untold Stories of Notorious Art Heists. Author: Anthony M. Amore,Tom Mashberg, Description: A spellbinding journey into the high-stakes world of art theft,Today, art theft is one of the most profitable criminal enterprises in the world, exceeding $6 billion in losses to galleries and art collectors annually. And the masterpieces of Rembrandt van Rijn are some of the most frequently targeted.,In ,Stealing Rembrandts,, art security expert Anthony M. Amore and award-winning investigative reporter Tom Mashberg reveal the actors behind the major Rembrandt heists in the last century. Through thefts around the world - from Stockholm to Boston, Worcester to Ohio - the authors track daring entries and escapes from the world's most renowned museums. There are robbers who coolly walk off with multimillion dollar paintings; self-styled art experts who fall in love with the Dutch master and desire to own his art at all costs; and international criminal masterminds who don't hesitate to resort to violence. They also show how museums are thwarted in their ability to pursue the thieves - even going so far as to conduct investigations on their own, far away from the maddening crowd of police intervention, sparing no expense to save the priceless masterpieces.,Stealing Rembrandts, is an exhilarating, one-of-a-kind look at the black market of art theft, and how it compromises some of the greatest treasures the world has ever known.. Genre: Nonfiction,Art,History,Crime,True Crime,Art,Art History,Mystery,Crime,Mystery,Historical,Museology,Museums,Reference,Research.
Title: The Gamekeeper's Lady. Author: Ann Lethbridge, Description: Frederica Bracewell grew up under a cloud of shame. As an illegitimate child, she was treated by her uncle like a servant. It wasn't until she encountered the new gamekeeper that shy, innocent Frederica started to feel like a true lady….,Lord Robert Mountford had been banished by his family. After a debauched existence, he reveled in the simplicity of a gamekeeper's lifestyle. Until temptation struck! Frederica's plain appearance and stuttering speech were a far cry from the ladies of the ,ton,, but she might just be his undoing…and unmasking!. Genre: Romance,Historical Romance,Romance,Historical,Historical,Regency,Harlequin,Harlequin Historical,Historical,Historical Fiction,Category Romance,Harlequin,Audiobook,Family,European Literature,British Literature.
Title: The Rage. Author: Richard Lee Byers, Description: Devoting his entire life to destroying every dragon he encounters in revenge for the killing of his entire family, renegade half-golem dragon hunter Dorn is forced into an uneasy alliance when a feral madness threatens to overcome every dragon in Faer n. Original.. Genre: Dungeons and Dragons,Forgotten Realms,Fantasy,Fiction,Role Playing Games,Dungeons and Dragons,Fantasy,Dragons,Science Fiction Fantasy,Anthologies,Collections,Fantasy,High Fantasy,Adventure,Games,Role Playing Games.
Title: Redemption, Kansas. Author: James Reasoner, Description: Injured in a cattle stampede on a drive through Kansas, Bill is healing in Redemption. Tended to by a shopkeeper's lovely daughter, Eden Monroe, there are worse places he could be. But Bill knows something's wrong. A series of unexplained killings plagues the town. It's up to Bill to figure out what's going on before his beloved Eden gets caught in the cross fire.. Genre: Westerns.
Title: So You Want to Be a Producer. Author: Lawrence Turman, Description: Few jobs in Hollywood are as shrouded in mystery as the role of the producer. What does it take to be a producer, how does one get started, and what on earth does one actually do? In ,So You Want to Be a Producer, Lawrence Turman, the producer of more than forty films, including ,The Graduate,, ,The River Wild,, ,Short Circuit,, and ,American History X,, and Endowed Chair of the famed Peter Stark Producing Program at the University of Southern California, answers these questions and many more.,Examining all the nuts and bolts of production, such as raising money and securing permissions, finding a story and developing a script, choosing a director, hiring actors, and marketing your project,, So You Want to Be a Producer, is a must-have resource packed with insider information and first-hand advice from top Hollywood producers, writers, and directors, offering invaluable help for beginners and professionals alike. ,Including a comprehensive case study of Turman’s film ,The Graduate,, this complete guide to the movie industry’s most influential movers and shakers brims with useful tips and contains all the information you need to take your project from idea to the big screen.. Genre: Culture,Film,Nonfiction,Media Tie In,Tv.
Title: Contracting for Managed Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services. Author: Stephen  Moss, Description: Case Management Assistance to an adult or the family of a child in obtaining ... ,health and mental health care, child welfare, special education, etc. .... Genre: nan.
Title: Day of the Dragon. Author: Richard A. Knaak, Description: In the mist-shrouded haze of the past, the world of Azeroth teemed with wondrous creatures of every kind. Mysterious Elves and hardy Dwarves walked among tribes of man in relative peace and harmony -- until the arrival of the demonic army known as Burning Legion shattered the world's tranquility forever. Now Orcs, Dragons, Goblins, and Trolls all vie for supremacy over the scattered, warring kingdoms -- part of a grand, malevolent scheme that will determine the fate of the world of ,WarCraft, , A terrifying upheaval among the highest ranks of the world's Wizards sends the maverick Mage, Rhonin, on a perilous journey into the Orc-controlled lands of Khaz Modan. What Rhonin uncovers is a vast, far-reaching conspiracy, darker than anything he ever imagined -- a threat that will force him into a dangerous alliance with ancient creatures of air and re if the world of Azeroth is to see another dawn.. Genre: Fantasy,World Of Warcraft,Warcraft,Fiction,Mmorpg,World Of Warcraft,Games,Video Games,Fantasy,Dragons,Sports and Games,Games,Fantasy,High Fantasy,Games,Gaming,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: Getting His Goat: Adventures in Cheetah Conservation. Author: Hal Brindley, Description: Having a drugged cheetah wake up in his lap was not what Hal Brindley had in mind when he went to Africa as a conservation volunteer. This short story recounts the heart-pounding events of Brindley's final day tracking cheetahs at a game reserve in South Africa.. Genre: Southern Africa,South Africa,Animals,Cats,Nonfiction,Cultural,Africa.
Title: Running Black. Author: Patrick Todoroff, Description: It's 2059 and the North Korean mercenary Tam Song heads up Eshu International: a private security team that will take any job for the right price, no questions asked. Based in the Belfast Metro Zone, they're the best black contract outfit on the planet. ,Stable nano-technology: the melding of man and machine on a microscopic level. It's a break-through worth billions no one's been able to achieve. Until now. The Dawson Hull Conglomerate has finally developed a viable Nanotech Neural Network; an interface system that exponentially increases a person's cyber-capabilities. They're days away from unveiling the prototype to the world. ,And Eshu International just got hired to steal it. ,Video Trailer: ,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OFb28.... Genre: Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Cyberpunk,Fiction.
Title: Data Smog: Surviving the Information Glut. Author: David Shenk, Description: Media scholar ( and Internet Enthusiast ) David Shenk examines the troubling effects of information proliferation on our bodies, our brains, our relationships, and our culture, then offers strikingly down-to-earth insights for coping with the deluge.,With a skillful mixture of personal essay, firsthand reportage, and sharp analysis, Shenk illustrates the central paradox of our time: as our world gets more complex, our responses to it become increasingly simplistic. He draws convincing links between data smog and stress distraction, indecision, cultural fragmentation, social vulgarity, and more.,But there's hope for a saner, more meaningful future, as Shenk offers a wealth of novel prescriptions—both personal and societal—for dispelling data smog.. Genre: Nonfiction,Science,Technology,Psychology,Philosophy,Sociology,Social Science,Computers,Internet,Business.
Title: The Worst Witch Saves the Day. Author: Jill Murphy, Description: Something is up at Miss Cackle's Academy for Witches: Mildred Hubble's new form teacher is really weird. Or is she? Investigating isn't easy, especially when Mildred's potions go wrong, the class know-it-all insists on being 'helpful' and her beloved cat is having a nervous breakdown.... Genre: Fantasy,Childrens,Fiction,Paranormal,Witches,Fantasy,Magic,Childrens,Middle Grade,Audiobook,School Stories,Boarding School,Academic,School,European Literature,British Literature.
Title: Wisdom's Kiss. Author: Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Description: Princess Wisdom, known as Dizzy, longs for a life of adventure far beyond the staid old kingdom of Montagne., Tips, a soldier, longs to keep his true life secret from his family., Fortitude, an orphaned maid, longs only for Tips., These three passionate souls might just attain their dreams while preserving Montagne from certain destruction, if only they can tolerate each other long enough to come up with a plan. Tough to save the world when you can't even be in the same room together., Magic, cunning, and one very special cat join forces in this hilarious, extraordinary tale by the author of ,Dairy Queen, and ,Princess Ben,. An incredibly creative tale told with diaries, memoirs, encyclopedia entries, letters, biographies, even a stage play, all woven together into a grand adventure.. Genre: Fantasy,Young Adult,Romance,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Adventure,Fiction,Young Adult,Teen,Fantasy,Magic,Young Adult,Young Adult Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Fairy Tale Retellings.
Title: Half Hearts. Author: Sherri Desbois, Description: A promise broken,Losing her family at a young age, and then broken promises from the man she’d loved all her life, Charlie McCarty rarely allows anyone to get close to her. Resolved to live her life without love and determined to become a top-notch Veterinarian, she begins her residency in Redfield. Fate, however, has a way of stepping in to change even the most obstinate set plans and forces Charlie to face her past, push the boundaries of her control and her heart to the brink of destruction.,A passion fueled desire,It started out as a celebration, a chance for Charlie to let her hair down and just let go of her firm control for just one evening, but meeting a sexy as hell cowboy—and his familiar best friend—ambush everything. With relentless determination, both cowboys set out to show her that she is everything they want to complete their lives. Charlie begins to dream, once again, for the future she thought lost to her years ago.,A Journey of the Heart,When a terrifying figure from the past steps into their fragile romance, is their love enough to overcome the horror about to be unleashed or will it leave them with hearts broken in half?. Genre: Erotica,Menage,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Contemporary,Westerns,Romance,Menage,M F M,Romance,Erotic Romance,Romance,Western Romance,Menage,M M F,Adult.
Title: Saving Audie: A Pit Bull Puppy Gets a Second Chance. Author: Dorothy Hinshaw Patent,William Muñoz, Description: When Michael Vick's dog fighting ring was discovered, more than forty dogs were rescued. But their struggle was far from over. Most animal advocates believed the former fighting dogs were too damaged to save, but Audie and his kennel mates would prove them wrong when public outcry and the publicity surrounding Michael Vick's punishment won them a chance at a happy life. Teaming up once again with William Muñoz, photo-essay veteran Dorothy Hinshaw Patent gives an emotional account of one dog's heartwarming story, showing how Audie, who was only a puppy when he was rescued, was rehabilitated, adopted, and now enjoys the love he deserves.. Genre: Animals,Nonfiction,Childrens,Picture Books,Animals,Dogs,Childrens,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: Beginning Arduino. Author: Michael McRoberts, Description: In ,Beginning Arduino,, you will learn all about the popular Arduino microcontroller by working your way through an amazing set of 50 cool projects. You'll progress from a complete beginner regarding Arduino programming and electronics knowledge to intermediate skills and the confidence to create your own amazing Arduino projects. Absolutely no experience in programming or electronics required!,Rather than requiring you to wade through pages of theory before you start making things, this book has a hands-on approach. You will dive into making projects right from the start, learning how to use various electronic components and how to program the Arduino to control or communicate with those components.,Each project is designed to build upon the knowledge learned in earlier projects and to further your knowledge in programming as well as skills with electronics. By the end of the book you will be able create your own projects confidently and with creativity.,Please note: ,the print version of this title is black & white; the eBook is full color. You can download the color diagrams in the book from http: //,www.apress.com/9781430232407. Genre: Nonfiction,Computer Science,Technical,Science,Technology,Reference.
Title: Such a Pretty Face. Author: Gabrielle Goldsby, Description: A sexy, sometimes humorous, sometimes poignant, contemporary romance that gently exposes the damage to heart and soul when we fail to look beneath the surface for what truly matters.,Mia Sanchez is rocked when her partner of four years, Brenda Montalba, informs her that she has fallen out of love with her and that she's planning on leaving town for several months to give them time to "think about their future together." Mia hadn't thought words could be more painful until Brenda followed up hers with, "You've really let yourself go over the last few years." Alone, hurt, and embarrassed, Mia decides to take the advice of her sales assistant and friend Mathew "Goody" Good, the self crowned Queen of Getting Dumped when he tells her, "The best way to get over them is to get even.". Genre: LGBT,Lesbian,Romance,Lesbian Romance,Fiction,LGBT,Lesbian,Lesbian Fiction,GLBT,Queer,Romance.
Title: Such a Pretty Face: Being Fat in America. Author: Marcia Millman, Description: Yet, despite this obsession with weight control, there is little serious discussion of the deeper meaning of obesity. In a way, obesity is as powerful a taboo as sexuality was for the Victorians.,This book argues that the effort to lose weight should be secondary to an understanding of the mythology of fat. Being fat is seen as much more than a physical condition. Fat women are stereotypically viewed as unfeminine, either in flight from sexuality or sexual in some forbidden way, intentionally antisocial, out of control, hostile, aggressive.,Using case studies, moving, sometimes painful, autobiographical accounts, and observing such organizations as a fat rights society, Overeaters Anonymous, and a children's diet camp, Marcia Millman reveals how people live with the burden of these stereotypes and explores the truth or falsity of them.,This book proves the humanness, the defiance, vulnerability, self-doubt, courage, and even the beauty of those who violate our arbitrary standards of physical beauty. It sees them as whole people, to whom attention must be paid.. Genre: Nonfiction,Feminism,Health,Fat,Sociology.
Title: Hot Connections Jewelry: The Complete Sourcebook of Soldering Techniques. Author: Jennifer Chin, Description: The art of soldering—permanently joining metal components with a torch and solder—can open up a new world of creative possibilities for jewelry makers., ,In ,Hot Connections Jewelry,, award-winning jewelry designer Jennifer Chin guides you through every step, from choosing a torch to basic techniques like sawing, filing, and riveting, as well as more advanced techniques like creating surface textures, setting stones, and using inlay., ,With 23 in-depth lessons and 15 stunning projects, as well as inspiring examples from contributing artists, ,Hot Connections Jewelry, is your essential guide to unleashing your creativity and confidence in jewelry making., . Genre: Art,Crafts,Jewellery,Crafts,Jewellery Making,Nonfiction.
Title: The Doors: The Illustrated History. Author: Danny Sugerman, Description: This book consists of magazine and newspaper articles, interviews, record reviews, excerpts from books, and other material related to the history of The Doors, to whose memory it is dedicated.This book consists of magazine and newspaper articles, interviews, record reviews, excerpts from books, and other material related to the history of The Doors, to whose memory it is dedicated.. Genre: Music,Biography,Nonfiction,Biography Memoir,Music,Rock N Roll,Art,Photography.
Title: Ohitika Woman. Author: Mary Brave Bird,Richard Erdoes,Mary Crow Dog, Description: The dramatic, brutally honest, and ultimately triumphant sequel to the bestselling American Book Award winner "Lakota Woman," this book continues Mary Brave Bird' s courageous story of life as a Native American in a white-dominated society.. Genre: Nonfiction,Autobiography,Memoir,Biography,History,Biography Memoir,Native Americans,History,Native American History,Cultural,Womens.
Title: The Superman Chronicles, Vol. 2. Author: Jerry Siegel,Joe Shuster, Description: Experience the history of Superman with this series that reprints the early adventures of the Man of Tomorrow in chronological order. This volume features classic tales from 1939 and 1940 written and illustrated by Superman co-creators Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, in which the Man of Tomorrow battles crooked politicians and slumlords as he brings justice to the downtrodden masses.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Dc Comics,Superman,Superheroes,Dc Comics,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Superheroes,Fiction,Science Fiction,Comics,Comic Book.
Title: Ghosts of Gol. Author: Kurt Mahr, Description: When Perry Rhodan, interplanetary Peace Lord searches to unravel the secret of eternal life, he finds a clue from the past of Ferrol which sends him to the giant planet of the Vega System, Gol. ,There, accompanied by two Arkonides, the beautiful Thora and scientist Khrest, and as ever, by his Mutant Corps, Perry explores the planet's surface. ,And Gol is a monster. Not only has it a gravity far exceeding anything the humans have ever encountered, but they have to contend with an awesome army of glowing forms which attacks their ship.... Genre: Science Fiction,Space,Space Opera,Pulp.
Title: 30 Pieces of Silver. Author: Carolyn McCray, Description: ASIN B004HB1W82 moved to the most recent edition ,here,A Christian suicide bomber. John the Baptist's bones inscribed in ancient Greek. A dark secret carried from the foot of the crucifixion. Can science solve the world's greatest mystery?. Genre: Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Thriller,Mystery,Historical,Suspense,Adventure,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,Action,Religion.
Title: Dark of the Moon. Author: Tracy Barrett, Description: Ariadne is destined to become a goddess of the moon. She leads a lonely life, filled with hours of rigorous training by stern priestesses. Her former friends no longer dare to look at her, much less speak to her. All that she has left are her mother and her beloved, misshapen brother Asterion, who must be held captive below the palace for his own safety., So when a ship arrives one spring day, bearing a tribute of slaves from Athens, Ariadne sneaks out to meet it. These newcomers don’t know the ways of Krete; perhaps they won’t be afraid of a girl who will someday be a powerful goddess. And indeed she meets Theseus, the son of the king of Athens. Ariadne finds herself drawn to the newcomer, and soon they form a friendship—one that could perhaps become something more., Yet Theseus is doomed to die as an offering to the Minotaur, that monster beneath the palace—unless he can kill the beast first. And that "monster" is Ariadne’s brother . . .. Genre: Fantasy,Mythology,Fantasy,Young Adult,Historical,Historical Fiction,Retellings,Historical,Mythology,Greek Mythology,Fiction,Fantasy,Paranormal,Romance.
Title: Doing Quantitative Research in Education with SPSS. Author: Daniel Muijs, Description: Doing Quantitative Research in Education with SPSS, Second Edition, an accessible and authoritative introduction, is essential for education students and researchers needing to use quantitative methods for the first time.,Using datasets from real-life educational research and avoiding the use of mathematical formulae, the author guides students through the essential techniques that they will need to know, explaining each procedure using the latest version of SPSS. The datasets can also be downloaded from the book's website, enabling students to practice the techniques for themselves.,This revised and updated second edition now also includes more advanced methods such as log linear analysis, logistic regression, and canonical correlation.,Written specifically for those with no prior experience of quantitative research, this book is ideal for education students and researchers in this field.. Genre: Education,Reference,Research.
Title: The Art of Drawing Dragons: Mythological Beasts and Fantasy Creatures. Author: Michael Dobrzycki, Description: Easy-to-follow instructions for drawing a variety of creatures, from an Eastern dragon to a hairy troll,The ever-increasing popularity of mythological and fantasy creatures in film, graphic novels, and television creates high demand for instruction books on drawing these fantastic beasts. In this newest addition to our Collector's series, aspiring artists will find 144 pages of clear, step-by-step instructions for drawing everything from fire-breathing dragons to seven-headed monsters and magical fairies. Information on the origin and history of mythological creatures gives this book an extra-special appeal. The author's helpful tips on shading and drawing techniques show readers everything they need to know to create their own impressive beasts.,Although there are fantasy-themed drawing books on the market, this book is unique because it features a wide range of fantasy subjects rather than focusing on only one type of creature (such as dragons or fairies). It also sets itself apart from similar books with its helpful information on combining graphite pencil with other media, such as charcoal and black watercolor paint or ink. In addition, this extraordinary book features dragons and other mythological creatures from around the world, including those originating in Egyptian, Irish, Norse, and Greek mythology-whereas most other fantasy books include generic, non-regional subjects.. Genre: Art,Art,Drawing,Fantasy,Reference.
Title: We Can't Pay? We Won't Pay!. Author: Dario Fo,Robert W. Walker,Lino Pertile, Description: Dario Fo is Italy's leading contemporary playwright and performer, renowned throughout the world for his dazzling radical satires. Can't Pay? Won't Pay! is set in Milan, but "the problems are desperately familiar...Fo-faced farce wears a broad smile and proceeds at breathtaking speed" (Michael Coveney, Financial Times). Genre: Plays,Plays,Theatre,European Literature,Italian Literature,Drama,Fiction,Humor,Literature,Cultural,Italy,Literature,20th Century,Nobel Prize.
Title: The Captive. Author: Robert Stallman, Description: A mysterious bear-like beast that is able to assume the form of a human being tries to learn how people live by adopting a human family.. Genre: Fantasy,Horror,Fiction.
Title: Questa sera si recita a soggetto. Author: Luigi Pirandello,Italo Borzi,Maria Argenziano, Description: E' questa, insieme a ,Sei personaggi in cerca di autore,, la più famosa opera teatrale di Pirandello. Terza della ,Trilogia del teatro nel teatro,, rappresenta i contrasti tra Attori e Regista, con il coinvolgimento del pubblico, durante la rappresentazione della novella di Pirandello "Leonora addio!", messa in scena come spettacolo a soggetto, cioè senza copione prestabilito. Il regista Hinkfuss la traduce in quadri e scene di smaccato gusto spettacolare, ma gli Attori rifiutano di assoggettarsi a lui e reclamano il primato della spontaneità sul freddo gioco scenico. Si sviluppa così una fitta polemica sulla regia del Novecento. Il dramma può procedere solo quando gli attori possono recitare liberamente, facendosi interpreti appassionati della drammatica trama.. Genre: Plays,European Literature,Italian Literature,Nobel Prize,Classics,Plays,Theatre,Drama.
Title: Understanding How To Play Go. Author: Yuan Zhou, Description: nan. Genre: Games,Go.
Title: Special Tests in Musculoskeletal Examination: An Evidence-Based Guide for Clinicians. Author: Paul Hattam,Alison Smeatham, Description: The proliferation of special tests used in musculoskeletal examination has left the clinician with a vast array of physical tests at their disposal. ,Special Tests in Musculoskeletal Examination, is a handy one-stop guide with over 150 peripheral tests. The clinical context and evidence base is thoroughly explored and the addition of clinical tips and expert opinion will enable the clinician to select the most appropriate tests and interpret the results meaningfully.,Step-by-step description for each test,Clear photographic illustrations,'At a glance' presentation of the background evidence,Detailed clinical context,Comprehensive referencing of orthopaedic special tests,Clinical tips. Genre: nan.
Title: How to Play Handicap Go. Author: Yuan Zhou, Description: An AGA 7-Dan Explains His Handicap Games - Yuan Zhou is one of the strongest Go players in America. He received professional training for 3 years and an invited participant in North American tournaments five times from 1991 - 2001. This book contains 8 games played by Zhou in two tournaments. As a registered 7 dan the games from that tournament are presented first. Also included is one game in which Zhou was not one of the players. Our idea was to show what happens when White does not play in accordance with the principles Zhou layws out in the book. There are very few moves per diagram, making it easy to follow. Strategy and tactics of the games are made understandable, ever for players at a much lower level of strength. These commentaries offer a unique opportunity for all players to gain insight into the thinking of one of the strongest amateur players in the US. Any player's handicap game will benefit enormously from reading it.. Genre: Games,Go.
Title: The Kentucky Mint Julep. Author: Joe Nickell, Description: The ultimate guide to the quintessential Derby drink! A simple concoction -- bourbon, mint, sugar, and water -- the mint julep is legendary. Few people know its history and even fewer know how to properly mix this classic cocktail. Lighthearted, entertaining, and informative, The Kentucky Mint Julep explores the lore and legend of the Kentucky Derby's traditional tipple. Joe Nickell looks at the origins of the julep, offers a brief history of American whiskey and Kentucky bourbon, and shares some classic julep tales. Information on julep cups, tips on garnishing and serving, and reminiscences from the likes of Charles Dickens, Washington Irving, and General John Hunt Morgan give a fun, historic look at Kentucky's favorite drink. The book includes numerous recipes -- for classic juleps, modern variations, non-alcoholic versions, and the author's own thoroughly researched "perfect" mint julep. This delightful book is illustrated with historic photographs, a map of the Kentucky Bourbon Trail, and more.. Genre: nan.
Title: Rogue Primate: An Exploration of Human Domestication. Author: John A. Livingston, Description: Winner of the 1994 Governor General's Award "If you buy only one book this decade let it be Rogue Primate."- The Toronto Star (1994). Genre: Science,Biology,Ecology,History,Environment,Nonfiction.
Title: Creative Crochet Jewelry. Author: Esther Zadock, Description: Crocheted jewelry is bringing new zing to traditional bling! Using common yarn, a selection of beads, baubles and crystals, and just a few simple techniques, crocheters of every skill level can quickly produce uncommonly appealing designs. Color photographs accompany the instructions so every step in the creative process is easy to follow. More than 30 projects include an assortment of necklaces, bangles and bracelets, elegant ornaments for evenings out, and much more.. Genre: Crafts,Crochet,Art,Crafts.
Title: Exoplanet Atmospheres: Physical Processes. Author: Sara  Seager, Description: Over the past twenty years, astronomers have identified hundreds of extrasolar planets--planets orbiting stars other than the sun. Recent research in this burgeoning field has made it possible to observe and measure the atmospheres of these exoplanets. This is the first textbook to describe the basic physical processes--including radiative transfer, molecular absorption, and chemical processes--common to all planetary atmospheres, as well as the transit, eclipse, and thermal phase variation observations that are unique to exoplanets., In each chapter, Sara Seager offers a conceptual introduction, examples that combine the relevant physics equations with real data, and exercises. Topics range from foundational knowledge, such as the origin of atmospheric composition and planetary spectra, to more advanced concepts, such as solutions to the radiative transfer equation, polarization, and molecular and condensate opacities. Since planets vary widely in their atmospheric properties, Seager emphasizes the major physical processes that govern all planetary atmospheres., Moving from first principles to cutting-edge research, ,Exoplanet Atmospheres, is an ideal resource for students and researchers in astronomy and earth sciences, one that will help prepare them for the next generation of planetary science., The first textbook to describe exoplanet atmospheres, Illustrates concepts using examples grounded in real data, Provides a step-by-step guide to understanding the structure and emergent spectrum of a planetary atmosphere, Includes exercises for students. Genre: Textbooks.
Title: The Book of the Beast. Author: Tanith Lee, Description: Book by Lee, Tanith. Genre: Fantasy,Horror,Fiction,Short Stories,Fantasy,Dark Fantasy,Gothic,Science Fiction Fantasy,Speculative Fiction,Science Fiction.
Title: Fabulous Beast. Author: Stephanie James,Jayne Ann Krentz, Description: Much More Than He Seemed...,Tabitha Graham thought she had found a soul mate when she rescued Dev Colter from a dangerous situation. She thought he was a kindred spirit: gentle, shy and in need of love. ,But Dev had a secret life that made him as dangerous as any of the fabulous, legendary beasts the bookstore owner had studied. When she fled from his sensual claim, his pursuit was relentless. Once he had tasted Tabitha, Dev had no intention of relinquishing his prey! ,Too late Tabitha discovered she had roused a sleeping dragon...,No matter what name she writes under, no one does romance better than Jayne Ann Krentz!. Genre: Romance,Contemporary,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Category Romance,Harlequin,Fiction,Romance,Category Romance.
Title: How to Become a Really Good Pain in the Ass: A Critical Thinker's Guide to Asking the Right Questions. Author: Christopher diCarlo, Description: In this witty, incisive guide to critical thinking the author provides you with the tools to allow you to question beliefs and assumptions held by those who claim to know what they’re talking about. These days there are many people whom we need to question: politicians, lawyers, doctors, teachers, clergy members, bankers, car salesmen, and your boss. This book will empower you with the ability to spot faulty reasoning and, by asking the right sorts of questions, hold people accountable not only for what they believe but how they behave. ,By using this book you’ll learn to analyze your own thoughts, ideas, and beliefs, and why you act on them (or don’t). This, in turn, will help you to understand why others might hold opposing views. And the best way to change our own or others’ behavior or attitudes is to gain greater clarity about underlying motives and thought processes. ,In a media-driven world of talking heads, gurus, urban legends, and hype, learning to think more clearly and critically, and helping others to do the same, is one of the most important things you can do.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Skepticism,Education,Philosophy,Logic,Psychology,Reference,Teaching.
Title: Memoirs of an Amnesiac. Author: Oscar Levant, Description: A world class pianist, composer, television and film personality, Levant seemed to know everyone who was anyone. His career took him from the concert hall to Broadway and Hollywood, to radio and television, to drug addiction and the psychiatric ward of Mr Sinai hospital. Through a collection of anecdotal vignettes, Levant offers the reader a roller-coaster ride through the ups and downs of an often troubled, often brilliant artist and critic of the human condition, let loose on the uneasy ground where art and commerce overlap.. Genre: Autobiography,Memoir,Biography,Music,Nonfiction,Media Tie In,Biography,Autobiography,Biography Memoir.
Title: A Talent for Genius: The Life and Times of Oscar Levant. Author: Sam Kashner,Nancy Schoenberger, Description: Oscar Levant was the Amadeus of Hollywood, the Oscar Wilde of Broadway -- and the most wildly self-destructive personality ever to become a household name. An astonishingly gifted concert pianist, composer, film and stage presence, radio and television raconteur, insult wit, and bestselling author, Levant steered a maniacally masochistic course through seven glorious decades. His death in 1972, at the age of 65, left the entertainment community shocked -- largely with amazement that a four-pack-a-day smoker with a history of drug abuse and mental illness had lasted as long as Levant did. He made a national reputation for himself in the late '30s as a brash, brilliant 'expert' on radio's famed quiz show 'Information, Please!', and as a fine concert pianist and the premier interpreter of George Gershwin's concert works. He appeared in 13 films, usually as a best friend/'Oscar Levant' type. He played Gene Kelly's sidekick in 'An American in Paris' and a lovable hypochondriac in 'The Band Wagon, ' and in the film biography 'Rhapsody in Blue, ' he literally played himself: Oscar Levant, best friend to George Gershwin, a role he knew all too well. His hero worship of Gershwin stunted his confidence as a songwriter and a serious composer, though one of his pop songs, 'Blame It on My Youth, ' has become a standard, and Arnold Schoenberg, Aaron Copeland, and Virgil Thomson all thought Levant an immensely gifted composer. Levant's addiction to Demerol following a heart attack in the early '50s led to nearly a decade of drug dependency. Already hobbled by complex superstitions meant to ward off the terrors of performing, Levant was almost destroyed by his addictions. But his intense neurosisdidn't keep him from appearing on television to talk about it. His uncensored comments on 'The Jack Paar Show' and on his own local Los Angeles talk show made national news. "A Talent for Genius," the result of exhausting research and hundreds of hours of interviews, is a profoundly revelation.. Genre: Biography,Music,Nonfiction,Culture,Film.
Title: Louise Bourgeois The Fabric Works. Author: Germano Celant, Description: A groundbreaking work, edited by Germano Celant in collaboration with the artist and her New York studio, which enriches our knowledge of Louise Bourgeois. Over a long career she worked through most of the twentieth century's avant-garde artistic movements from abstraction to realism, yet always remained uniquely individual, powerfully inventive, and often at the forefront of contemporary art. She was one of the world’s most respected sculptors, best known for her public-space pieces, grand-scale sculptures of spiders so large they must rest outside. But beginning in the 1960s, she used her own clothing and that of her loved ones as components of her sculptures and designs: a reincarnation of her childhood and her past. Her art would expand into new realms in 2002 when she began to weave together scraps of iridescent-colored fabric, creating works that vary from figures of flowers to chromatic abstractions, constituting a repertoire of truly surprising interweaves. This set of images is collected here in its entirety for the first time, constituting the closest thing yet to a general catalog.. Genre: Art,Nonfiction,Art,Art Design.
Title: Essentials of Human Anatomy &Physiology. Author: Elaine Nicpon Marieb, Description: Now in its Tenth Edition, Essentials of Human Anatomy & Physiology continues to set the standard for short-course A&P texts. Its dramatically updated art program, more streamlined presentation of material, and integration of chapter objectives will help you better visualize and understand the structure and function of the human body. Elaine Marieb's clear and friendly writing style emphasizes the relevance of anatomy & physiology to your life and future career. The book clarifies concepts, defines key terms, and offers just the right balance of anatomy, physiology, and clinical coverage to make the content complete without being overwhelming. Elaine Marieb wrote this book specifically for the one-semester course and continues to carefully select a range of material that proves just right for the shorter course. New information on hot topics like the HPV Vaccine, Infantile Polycystic Kidney disease, and Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) draws students into the material. This package contains: Essentials of Human Anatomy and Physiology, Tenth Edition. Genre: Nonfiction,Textbooks,Science,Academic,School,Health,Reference,Medical,Education.
Title: A Dictionary of Fabulous Beasts. Author: Richard Barber,Anne Riches, Description: A dictionary? No, this is really an astonishing ark filled with beasts from a fabulous zoo far more varied and entertaining than anything from ordinary natural history. From Abaia and Abath to Ziz and Zu, from the microscopic Gigelorum that nests in a mite's ear to the giant serpent Jormungandor who encircles the whole globe, there are beasts from every corner of man's imagination: the light-hearted Fearsome Critters of lumberjack tales find a place alongside the Sirrush of Babylon and the Winged Bulls of Assyria. Some of the fabulous beasts turn out to be real creatures in disguise - a Cameleopard is a kind of glamourised giraffe -while others are almost, but not quite, human. Among the six hundred entries are some which are full-scale essays in their own right, as on Phoenix or Giants; and just in case it seems as though the authors dreamt up the entire book, there is a detailed list of books for the would-be hunter in this mythical jungle.. Genre: Pseudoscience,Cryptozoology,Fiction,Fantasy,Mythology,Fantasy.
Title: Cross-Cultural Consumption: Global Markets, Local Realities. Author: David Howes, Description: Goods are imbued with meanings and uses by their producers. When they are exported, they can act as a means of communication or domination. However, there is no guarantee that the intentions of the producer will be recognized, much less respected, by the consumer from another culture. Cross-Cultural Consumption is a fascinating guide to the cultural implications of the globalization of a consumer society. The chapters address topics ranging from the clothing of colonial subjects in South Africa and the rise of the hypermarket in Argentina, to the presentation of culture in international tourist hotels. Through their examination of cultural imperialism and cultural appropriation of the representation of otherness and identity, Howes and his contributors show how the increasingly global flow of goods and images challenges the very idea of the cultural border and creates new spaces for cultural invention. Marian Bredin, Concordia University, Constance Classen, Jean Comaroff, University of Chicago, Mary Crain, University of Barcelona, Carol Handrickson, Marlboro Colleg. Genre: Anthropology.
Title: An Intimate Chronicle: The Journals of William Clayton. Author: William Clayton,George D. Smith, Description: William Clayton is best remembered today for his hymns, especially “Come, Come Ye Saints.” But as one of the earliest Latter-day Saint scribes, he made intellectual as well as artistic contributions to his church, and his records have been silently incorporated into official Mormon scripture and history. Of equal significance are his personal impressions of day-to-day activities, which describe a social and religious world largely unfamiliar to modern readers.In ministering to the sick, for instance, Clayton anointed with perfumed oil and rum. He performed baptisms to heal the sick. Church services, held irregularly, were referred to as “going to meeting” and seemed to be elective. He testifies of people speaking in tongues and of others “almost speaking in tongues.” When introduced to plural marriage, he was reluctant but eventually became one of its most enthusiastic proponents, marrying ten women and fathering forty-two children.,Since polygamy was initially secret, Clayton spent much of his time putting out the fires of innuendo and discontent. He caught his first plural wife rendezvousing with her former fiancé; later, when she became pregnant, her mother–his unaware mother-in-law–was so overwrought that she attempted suicide. Joseph Smith reassured him: “Just keep her at home and brook it and if they raise trouble about it and bring you before me I will give you an awful scourging and probably cut you off from the church and then I will set you ahead as good as ever.” Clayton was also the object of Emma Smith’s attentions, allegedly part of a jealous wife’s plan to make a cuckold of her errant husband.. Genre: Christianity,Lds.
Title: Dancing in the Glory of Monsters: The Collapse of the Congo and the Great War of Africa. Author: Jason K. Stearns, Description: At the heart of Africa is Congo, a country the size of Western Europe, bordering nine other nations, that since 1996 has been wracked by a brutal and unstaunchable war in which millions have died. And yet, despite its epic proportions, it has received little sustained media attention. In this deeply reported book, Jason Stearns vividly tells the story of this misunderstood conflict through the experiences of those who engineered and perpetrated it. He depicts village pastors who survived massacres, the child soldier assassin of President Kabila, a female Hutu activist who relives the hunting and methodical extermination of fellow refugees, and key architects of the war that became as great a disaster as--and was a direct consequence of--the genocide in neighboring Rwanda. Through their stories, he tries to understand why such mass violence made sense, and why stability has been so elusive.,Through their voices, and an astonishing wealth of knowledge and research, Stearns chronicles the political, social, and moral decay of the Congolese State.. Genre: History,Cultural,Africa,Nonfiction,War,Politics,Eastern Africa,Rwanda,War,Military Fiction,History,World History,Political Science,International Relations,Military,Military History.
Title: WordPress Web Design for Dummies. Author: Lisa Sabin-Wilson, Description: Learn how WordPress can help you create a unique, customized Web site, Once only a platform for bloggers, WordPress is gaining popularity as a tool for creating individualized Web sites. WordPress expert Lisa Sabin-Wilson makes it easy for anyone with a basic knowledge of the WordPress software to create a custom site using complimentary technologies including CSS, HTML, and PHP. This easy-to-follow, full-color guide helps you identify the tools and technologies you need to create the site you envision, build a user-friendly navigation system, select colors and layouts, work with existing WordPress themes, and even develop your own theme to personalize your site.,WordPress offers a versatile tool for building customized Web sites; this full-color book walks you through the process, explains the complimentary technologies involved, and shows you how to select colors, fonts, and themes Case studies illustrate the process and the effects that can be achieved Shows how to incorporate WordPress templates, graphic design principles, HTML, CSS, and PHP to build a truly one-of-a-kind Web site If you know how to use WordPress software to create a blog, ,WordPress Web Design For Dummies, will enable you to quickly and easily construct a unique Web site for your business, organization, or personal use.. Genre: Nonfiction,Business,Reference,Design,Website Design,Education,Science,Technology,Design.
Title: The Absolute Beginners Guide: Stringing Beaded Jewelry. Author: Karin Buckingham, Description: Absolute Beginners Guide: Stringing Beaded Jewelry,, the first book in the Absolute Beginners Guide series, is a comprehensive introduction to stringing. Presented in a warm, reassuring tone, this book provides easy-to-follow instructions designed for someone who is just learning the craft. Readers feel informed, but not overwhelmed, by the explanation of the basic tools and supplies for beading, how to choose them in a bead store, and by suggestions for setting up a simple working area. The first projects are very easy, teaching stringing a repeating pattern and using graduated beads. Then it moves into more complex projects including using connectors and knotting techniques. This true introductory manual is written with friendliness and approachability.. Genre: nan.
Title: Mary Slessor: Forward into Calabar. Author: Janet Benge,Geoff Benge, Description: God would indeed answer the prayer of the fiery, red-haired woman from Scotland. For 39 years, Mary Slessor would labor in love among the unreached, often treacherous, tribes of Africa's Calabar region. Braving sickness, danger, and death on all sides, Mary became the cherished "White Ma" to entire tribes. Her faith, steadfastness, and pioneering spirit brought her beloved adopted people their first brilliant, contrasting example of he life and freedom found in Jesus Christ. Mary Slessor's story in an ageless epic of a woman who would stop at nothing to reach the lost with the life-giving gospel of Christ. (1848-1915).,RUNNING TIME ⇒ 5hrs. and 6mins.,©2014 YWAM Publishing (P)2014 YWAM Publishing. Genre: Biography,Nonfiction,Christian,Academic,School,History,Childrens,Biography Memoir,Religion,Academic,Read For School,Religion,Christianity.
Title: Lottie Moon: Giving Her All for China. Author: Janet Benge,Geoff Benge, Description: After becoming the most educated woman in the American South, Lottie Moon (1840-1912) spent thirty-nine years in China. As she watched her fellow missionaries fall to disease and exhaustion, she became just as dedicated to educating Christians about the often preventable tragedies of missionary life as she was to educating Chinese people about the Christian life. Today, an annual missionary offering taken in her name continues to enable countless others to give their all for the gospel.. Genre: Biography,Nonfiction,Christian,Cultural,China,Childrens,Religion,Christianity,Religion,Church,Church History,History,Historical.
Title: Απόψε δεν έχουμε φίλους. Author: Sophia Nikolaidou,Σοφία Νικολαΐδου, Description: Δεκέμβριος 2008: Πορείες και συνθήματα. Μια μεγάλη φωτιά σε μια μεγάλη σχολή. Και μια φράση που εκτοξεύεται με δύναμη: Απόψε δεν έχουμε φίλους. Οκτώβριος 1981-1989: Ένας ανυποψίαστος -μα αποφασισμένος- ιστορικός ερευνά το απαγορευμένο θέμα των δωσίλογων και τις γερμανοφασιστικές οργανώσεις στην πόλη της Θεσσαλονίκης. Από παντού, πέφτουν να τον φάνε. 1934-1944: Ναζιστική Γερμανία, κατεχόμενη Θεσσαλονίκη. Εβραίοι, Έλληνες, Γερμανοί. Μαυραγορίτες, κατηχητικά, φυλακές και συσσίτια. Προδότες και πατριώτες. Ένα μυθιστόρημα για τρεις γενιές Ελλήνων που προσπαθούν να ζήσουν τη ζωή τους, την ώρα που η Ιστορία δείχνει τα δόντια της. Γονείς και παιδιά, φοιτητές, μαθητές, πανεπιστημιακοί δάσκαλοι, μπακάληδες και αλάνια, γιαγιάδες και υπάλληλοι, συνδικαλιστές και ουδετερόφιλοι μαθαίνουν μια και καλή πως πρώτα κοιτάς πού χύθηκε το αίμα σου και ύστερα διαλέγεις πλευρά. Ποια είναι η σωστή και ποια η λάθος απόφαση, όταν ο κόσμος γύρω καίγεται; Πώς τσακίζεται η θεωρία στην πράξη; Και ποιος μας βεβαίωσε, παρακαλώ, πως αυτή η χώρα ποτέ δεν πεθαίνει;. Genre: Cultural,Greece,Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Literature,21st Century.
Title: Dr. Dean Ornish's Program for Reversing Heart Disease: The Only System Scientifically Proven to Reverse Heart Disease Without Drugs or Surgery. Author: Dean Ornish, Description: The Ornish Diet has been named the "#1 best diet for heart disease" by ,U.S. News & World Report ,for seven consecutive years!,Dr. Dean Ornish is the first clinician to offer documented proof that heart disease can be halted, or even reversed, simply by changing your lifestyle. Based on his internationally acclaimed scientific study, which has now been ongoing for years, Dr. Ornish's program has yielded amazing results. Participants reduced or discontinued medications; they learned how to lower high blood pressure; their chest pain diminished or disappeared; they felt more energetic, happy, and calm; they lost weight while eating more; and blockages in coronary arteries were actually reduced.,In his breakthrough book, Dr. Ornish presents this and other dramatic evidence and guides you, step-by-step, through the extraordinary Opening Your Heart program, which is winning landmark approval from America's health insurers. The program takes you beyond the purely physical side of health care to include the psychological, emotional and spiritual aspects so vital to healing. This book represents the best modern medicine has to offer. It can inspire you to open your heart to a longer, better, happier life.. Genre: Health,Nonfiction,Health,Nutrition,Food and Drink,Food,Science,Food and Drink,Cooking,Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Food and Drink,Diets,Food and Drink,Vegan.
Title: Dragon Rider. Author: Cornelia Funke, Description: A dragon. A boy. A journey. Firedrake, a brave young dragon, his loyal brownie friend Sorrel and a lonely boy called Ben are united as if by destiny. Together, they embark on a magical journey to find the legendary place where silver dragons can live in peace for ever. With only a curious map and the whispered memories of an old dragon to guide them, they fly across moonlit lands and seas to reach the highest mountains in the world. Along the way, they discover extraordinary new friends in unlikely places and a courage they never knew they had. Just as well, for the greatest enemy of all is never far behind them - a heartless monster from the past who's been waiting a very long time to destroy the last dragons on earth.. Genre: Fantasy,Fantasy,Dragons,Young Adult,Fiction,Childrens,Childrens,Middle Grade,Adventure,Fantasy,Magic,Audiobook,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: A Ghost a Day: 365 True Tales of the Spectral, Supernatural, and…Just Plain Scary!. Author: Maureen Wood, Description: Can't get enough spooks, spirits, and specters? Now you'll never have to go a day without your ghoulish fix. This ghastly collection features some of the scariest stories of murder, revenge, and suicide ever told—and the spirits that haunt their resting place for all time. As a truly unique convention, each story directly relates to the specific day on which it's found. You'll find shocking stories of:,Sightings of the spectral SS Valencia that was lost at sea on January 22nd, 1906,The "Thirteen Lost Souls" trapped in the burning Jolema Building in Brazil on February 1st, 1974 seen roaming the new corridors and offices,The ghostly "mist of the Green Lady" in the oldest graveyard in Burlington, Connecticut, which she started haunting on April 12, 1800,Not for the faint of heart, this book delivers tales to terrify you every day of the year!. Genre: Horror,Fantasy,Paranormal,Horror,Ghost Stories,Fiction,Paranormal,Ghosts.
Title: Mountain of Storms: The American Expeditions to Dhaulagiri, 1969 & 1973. Author: Andrew Harvard, Description: Photo Illustrated. Genre: nan.
Title: The Big Book of Beading Patterns: For Peyote Stitch, Square Stitch, Brick Stitch, and Loomwork Designs. Author: Bead & Button Magazine, Description: The Big Book of Beading Patterns, is the go-to compendium of patterns for all types of stitchers. Many pattern books focus solely on loomwork, but this book also includes popular stitches like peyote, brick, and square stitch in addition to loomwork. The gorgeous patterns here can be used to make beaded bracelets, amulets, tapestries, and more. Patterns are divided into chapters by topics like animals, flowers, holidays, and more. The best of Bead&Button’s patterns are showcased in this exciting compilation.. Genre: Crafts,Beading,Nonfiction.
Title: Stitch Workshop: Peyote Stitch: Basic Techniques, Advanced Results. Author: Bead & Button Magazine, Description: This book is the first in our ,Stitch Workshop, series. This book will concentrate solely on peyote stitch, explaining the basics of that stitch in detail and supplying plenty of projects for beaders to practice with. With 28 peyote stitch projects organized from beginner to advanced, this book has a wide audience for those who are just learning the stitch and those who are looking for more project ideas. All of the projects in this book are from ,Bead&Button, magazine.. Genre: Jewellery,Crafts,Beading,Reference.
Title: Small Giants: Companies That Choose to Be Great Instead of Big. Author: Bo Burlingham, Description: The bestselling, award-winning classic on how maverick companies have passed up the growth treadmill to focus on gretness, now in a revised and updated tenth-anniversary edition., ,It has long been a business article of faith that great companies, by definition, constantly focus on maximizing their revenues year after year. Yet quietly, under the radar, a growing number of undeniably great compabnies have rejected the pressure of endless growth to focus on more satisfying business goals. ,Veteran journalist Bo Burlingham takes us deep inside fourteen of these remarkable comapnies that have chosen to march to their own drummer. He shows the leaders of these small giants recognized the full range of choices they had about the type of company they could create and made the choice to pursue greateness by placing other goals ahead of getting as big as possible as fast as possible. And he shows how we can all benefit by questioning the conventional definitions of business success.". Genre: Business,Nonfiction,Business,Entrepreneurship,Business,Management,Leadership,Buisness,Self Help,Audiobook,Economics,Finance,Economics.
Title: Orbiting the Giant Hairball: A Corporate Fool's Guide to Surviving with Grace. Author: Gordon MacKenzie, Description: Creativity is crucial to business success. But too often, even the most innovative organization quickly becomes a "giant hairball"--a tangled, impenetrable mass of rules, traditions, and systems, all based on what worked in the past--that exercises an inexorable pull into mediocrity. Gordon McKenzie worked at Hallmark Cards for thirty years, many of which he spent inspiring his colleagues to slip the bonds of Corporate Normalcy and rise to orbit--to a mode of dreaming, daring and doing above and beyond the rubber-stamp confines of the administrative mind-set. In his deeply funny book, exuberantly illustrated in full color, he shares the story of his own professional evolution, together with lessons on awakening and fostering creative genius.Originally self-published and already a business "cult classic", this personally empowering and entertaining look at the intersection between human creativity and the bottom line is now widely available to bookstores. It will be a must-read for any manager looking for new ways to invigorate employees, and any professional who wants to achieve his or her best, most self-expressive, most creative and fulfilling work.. Genre: Business,Nonfiction,Leadership,Business,Management,Self Help,Self Help,Personal Development,Autobiography,Memoir,Buisness,Humor,Art.
Title: The Speculative Turn: Continental Materialism and Realism. Author: Levi Bryant,Nick Srnicek,Martin Hägglund,Peter Hallward,Graham Harman,Adrian Johnston,François Laruelle,Bruno Latour,Quentin Meillassoux,Reza Negarestani,John Protevi,Steven Shaviro,Isabelle Stengers,Alberto Toscano,Slavoj Žižek,Alain Badiou,Ray Brassier,Nathan Brown,Gabriel Catren,Manuel DeLanda,Iain Hamilton Grant, Description: Continental philosophy has entered a new period of ferment. The long deconstructionist era was followed with a period dominated by Deleuze, which has in turn evolved into a new situation still difficult to define. However, one common thread running through the new brand of continental positions is a renewed attention to materialist and realist options in philosophy. Among the leaders of the established generation, this new focus takes numerous forms. It might be hard to find many shared positions in the writings of Badiou, DeLanda, Laruelle, Latour, Stengers, and i ek, but what is missing from their positions is an obsession with the critique of written texts. All of them elaborate a positive ontology, despite the incompatibility of their results. Meanwhile, the new generation of continental thinkers is pushing these trends still further, as seen in currents ranging from transcendental materialism to the London-based speculative realism movement to new revivals of Derrida. As indicated by the title The Speculative Turn, the new currents of continental philosophy depart from the text-centered hermeneutic models of the past and engage in daring speculations about the nature of reality itself. This anthology assembles authors, of several generations and numerous nationalities, who will be at the centre of debate in continental philosophy for decades to come.. Genre: Philosophy,Philosophy,Theory,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Metaphysics.
Title: Hound Dog True. Author: Linda Urban, Description: A story about small acts of courage from the author of ,A Crooked Kind of Perfect.,Do not let a mop sit overnight in water. Fix things before they get too big for fixing., Custodial wisdom: Mattie Breen writes it all down. She has just one week to convince Uncle Potluck to take her on as his custodial apprentice at Mitchell P. Anderson Elementary School. One week until school starts and she has to be the new girl again. But if she can be Uncle Potluck’s apprentice, she’ll have important work to do during lunch and recess. Work that will keep her safely away from the other fifth graders. But when her custodial wisdom goes all wrong, Mattie’s plan comes crashing down. And only then does she begin to see how one small, brave act can lead to a friend who is hound dog true.. Genre: Realistic Fiction,Childrens,Middle Grade,Fiction,Childrens,Childrens,Juvenile,Family,Contemporary,Young Adult,Academic,School,Young Adult,Coming Of Age.
Title: Glass Slipper. Author: Abigail Barnette, Description: When Julien Auvrey promises to help his goddaughter snag a prince, he has no idea that the squalling infant he held in his arms nineteen years ago has turned into a beautiful young woman. Once he sees Joséphine, he knows that she’s just what the prince wants in a woman…and just the type of woman that Julien wants in his bed. But Julien is a life-long bachelor, and Joséphine deserves more than just a brief affair. With his help, she’ll blossom into a wife fit for the prince—in and out of the bedchamber.,Joséphine Thévenet wants nothing more than to be quit of her father’s crumbling house, her stepmother’s temper, and her two obnoxious stepsisters. Notorious seducer Julien Auvrey appeals to her desire for escape, and plenty of her other desires, as well. When etiquette lessons turn to carnal instruction, Joséphine fears she will lose her heart before she can win the prince.,Julien can’t deny the raw heat between him and Joséphine, but he also can’t deny the promise he made to her father. To possess Joséphine, Julien must betray his friend, and give up his own life of indulgence. Can he truly ask Joséphine to turn her back on the chance to be princess for nights of endless pleasure? Can he trust himself to love her as she deserves?. Genre: Romance,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Fantasy,Historical,Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Erotica,Menage,Romance,Erotic Romance,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Romance,Historical Romance.
Title: The 10 Habits of Happy Mothers: Reclaiming Our Passion, Purpose, and Sanity. Author: Meg Meeker, Description: The pressure on women today has pushed many American mothers to the breaking point. It feels as if “doing your best” is never enough to please everyone, and the demands mothers place on themselves are both impossible and unrealistic. Now Meg Meeker, M.D., critically acclaimed author of ,Strong Fathers, Strong Daughters,, puts her twenty-five years’ experience as a practicing pediatrician and counselor into a sound, sane approach to reshaping the frustrating, exhausting lives of so many moms.  ,Mothers are expected to do it all: raise superstar kids, look great, make good salaries, volunteer for everything, run errands, keep a perfect house, be the perfect wife. Single mothers often have even more demands—and less support. In this rallying cry for change, Dr. Meeker incorporates clinical data and her own experience raising four children to show why mothers suffer from the rising pressure to excel and the toll it takes on their emotional, physical, mental, and spiritual health. Too many mothers are increasingly lonely, anxious, depressed, and unhappy with themselves, refusing to let themselves off the hook. Here, Dr. Meeker has identified the 10 most positive habits of mothers who are healthy, happy, and fulfilled. The key is to embrace a new perspective and create real joy and purpose by utilizing such core habits as,  , • making friends with those who know the meaning of friendship, • finding out what money can buy (and what it cannot), • lightening the overload—and doing less more often, • discovering faith and learning how to trust it, • taking some alone time and reviving yourself,  , Mothers, it’s time to view the unconditional trust that you see in your children’s eyes when they take your hand or find your face in a crowd as a mirror of your own wonder and worth. You are the light that shines in their lives, the beacon that guides them. By implementing the key strategies in Dr. Meeker’s book, you can be happy, hopeful, and a wonderful role model. You can teach your children to be the very best they can be—and isn’t that still the most precious reward of motherhood?. Genre: Parenting,Nonfiction,Self Help,Audiobook,Inspirational,Unfinished,Childrens,Adult,Relationships,Spirituality.
Title: Girls in White Dresses. Author: Jennifer Close, Description: Wickedly hilarious and utterly recognizable, ,Girls in White Dresses, tells the story of three women grappling with heartbreak and career change, family pressure and new love—all while suffering through an endless round of weddings and bridal showers.,Isabella, Mary, and Lauren feel like everyone they know is getting married. On Sunday after Sunday, at bridal shower after bridal shower, they coo over toasters, collect ribbons and wrapping paper, eat minuscule sandwiches and doll-sized cakes. They wear pastel dresses and drink champagne by the case, but amid the celebration these women have their own lives to contend with: Isabella is working at a mailing-list company, dizzy with the mixed signals of a boss who claims she’s on a diet but has Isabella file all morning if she forgets to bring her a chocolate muffin. Mary thinks she might cry with happiness when she finally meets a nice guy who loves his mother, only to realize he’ll never love Mary quite as much. And Lauren, a waitress at a Midtown bar, swears up and down she won’t fall for the sleazy bartender—a promise that his dirty blond curls and perfect vodka sodas make hard to keep. ,With a wry sense of humor, Jennifer Close brings us through those thrilling, bewildering, what-on-earth-am-I-going-to-do-with-my-life years of early adulthood. These are the years when everyone else seems to have a plan, a great job, and an appropriate boyfriend, while Isabella has a blind date with a gay man, Mary has a crush on her boss, and Lauren has a goldfish named Willard. Through boozy family holidays and disastrous ski vacations, relationships lost to politics and relationships found in pet stores, ,Girls in White Dresses, pulls us deep inside the circle of these friends, perfectly capturing the wild frustrations and soaring joys of modern life.. Genre: Fiction,Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Contemporary,Romance,Adult Fiction,Adult,Audiobook,Humor,Short Stories,Novels.
Title: The Creed Legacy. Author: Linda Lael Miller, Description: Rough-and-tumble rodeo cowboy Brody Creed likes life on the move. Until a chance encounter with his long-estranged twin brother brings him “home,” for the first time in years. Suddenly Brody is in Creed territory—a rootless bad boy among family with deep ties to the land and each other. He’s half-ready to bolt when he meets a copper-haired beauty more restless than he is.,Carolyn Simmons is living a temporary life in Lonesome Bend, waiting to light out for the glamour of a metropolis. Then she falls for gorgeous Brody Creed, the opposite of everything she wants. But taming his wild heart might just become everything they both need…. Genre: Romance,Contemporary Romance,Contemporary,Westerns,Romance,Western Romance,Romance,Fiction,Novels,Audiobook,Adult,Animals,Horses.
Title: The Sea of Trolls. Author: Nancy Farmer, Description: The year is A.D. 793; Jack and his sister have been kidnapped by Vikings and taken to the court of Ivar the Boneless and his terrifying half-troll wife; but things get even worse when Jack finds himself on a dangerous quest to find the magical Mimir's Well in a far-off land, with his sister's life forfeit if he fails.,Other threats include a willful mother Dragon, a giant spider, and a troll-boar with a surprising personality -- to say nothing of Ivar the Boneless and his wife, Queen Frith, a shape-shifting half-troll, and several eight foot tall, orange-haired, full-time trolls. But in stories by award-winner Nancy Farmer, appearances do deceive. She has never told a richer, funnier tale, nor offered more timeless encouragement to young seekers than "Just say no to pillaging.". Genre: Fantasy,Young Adult,Fantasy,Mythology,Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Adventure,Childrens,Middle Grade,Historical,Childrens,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: Good Housekeeping: Vegetarian Meals: Meatless Recipes Everyone Will Love. Author: Good Housekeeping, Description: Healthful, nutritious, and most of all, delicious: with 155 mouthwatering recipes, Good Housekeeping shows you how easy it can be to put a meat-free meal on the table that everyone in the family will love.. Genre: Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Food and Drink,Food,Reference.
Title: Durruti en el laberinto. Author: Miguel Amorós, Description: «La historia de nuestra guerra civil está llena de cuestiones cuya resolución objetiva es una necesidad para aquellos que luchan contra la destrucción del conocimiento histórico emprendido desde el poder, porque la liquidación de la memoria histórica asociada al proletariado significaría la eliminación de toda perspectiva revolucionaria. La figura de Durruti, en tanto que personificación de la revolución proletaria anarquista de 1936 concentró muchas de esas cuestiones, verdaderas heridas del movimiento libertario, que en su propio beneficio conviene mantener abiertas y hurgar en ellas. Si duelen, es signo de que sus ideas perviven. Esas ideas no tienen precio. Quienes trataron de venderlas, se vendieron sólo a sí mismos. El anarquismo o es radical o no es nada. Sin embargo en los tiempos del espectáculo y la cultura de masas el pasado vendría ser una mercancía moderna, consumible como cualquier otra. Un objeto cultural de entretenimiento asequible en cuadernos coleccionables, DVDs o series televisivas. La banda de historiadores de la universidad ya no tiene por función la falsificación o la ocultación del pasado como hacían los estalinistas sino su conversión en espectáculo. El primer paso de esa preparación para el consumo ha sido la museificación. La historia para la pandilla universitaria sería un enorme panteón de cadáveres a los que se podría despedazar y analizar como se haría con las momias de Egipto. La distancia que nos separa de ellos sería tan fabulosa que nada habría que temer. El punto de vista forense certificaría el lejano momento de la defunción y desplegaría un abanico de hipótesis a escoger. Ese aspecto "plural" es el marchamo de la mercancía ; en el espectáculo importa poco la moraleja. Se trabaja para el olvido pero de otra manera : si los historiadores estalinistas se servían del presente para reescribir el pasado, los actuales expertos de niversidad se sirven del pasado para mistificar el presente. La historia-espectáculo legitima la dominación como si ésta no tuviera que ver con aquél ; embalsamando cadáveres, el poder quiere mostrarse como el heredero legal de los vencidos y no como el vencedor de la víspera. Como buen usurpador, quiere que no se sepa que es un recién llegado, que su pasado es reciente, que prácticamente no tiene historia. Que está ahí porque nadie se decide a echarlo. Un buen ejemplo ha sido el "socialismo libertario" que hace unos años sacó de la chistera el presidente Zapatero. La mercantilización espectacular de la guerra civil correspondería a una pérdida total del sentido histórico en las masas, vacías y atemorizadas. No obstante dicha pérdida no es completa y por lo tanto, tiene remedio. Todavía la historia no es de quien la manipula. Durruti no ha muerto.». Genre: Civil War,Spanish Civil War.
Title: Lancaster: The History of Britain's Most Famous World War II Bomber. Author: Christopher Chant, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: Fandango Stew. Author: David R. Davis,Ben Galbraith, Description: Chili's good, so is barbecue, but nothing's finer than ,FANDANGO STEW,!,No money? No problem! In this sunny, funny western-style take on the famous folktale “Stone Soup,” two penniless but wily vaqueros (cowboys) trick a whole town into cooking a giant pot of stew for everyone to share.,David Davis's deliciously colorful language and Ben Galbraith's delightful illustrations make this picture book a tasty confection.  , ,Key Selling Points:,A great read-aloud trickster tale,Award-winning author whose books have twice appeared on the Children's Choice Top 100 list,Offers a gentle message about sharing and community-building,About the Author,DAVID DAVIS,'s picture books include ,Texas Zeke and the Longhorn,, ,Librarian's Night Before Christmas,, and ,A Southern Child's Garden of Verses,. His ,Jazz Cats,, and ,Ten Redneck Babies, were both named to the Children's Choice Top 100 list. An active presenter at schools, conferences, and libraries, David lives in ,FORT WORTH, TEXAS,. Learn more about him at ,www.davidrdavis.com,., ,About the illustrator,BEN GALBRAITH, is author and illustrator of T,he Three Fishing Brothers Gruff,, praised by PW: “Working very much in the vein of Lane Smith, Galbraith produces a book both visually hip and handsome.” Ben lives in ,NEW ZEALAND,. Find out more at ,www.bengalbraith.co.nz,.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Food and Drink,Food,Humor,Folklore,Folk Tales,Westerns,Fiction,Fairy Tales,Fractured Fairy Tales.
Title: Trouble with Trolls. Author: Jan Brett, Description: Treva's trouble with trolls begins when she climbs Mount Baldy with her dog Tuffi. The trolls who live there long for a dog, and they try to kidnap him. But Treva is brave and quick-thinking. She outwits one troll after another until she reaches the very top of the mountain, where five trolls are waiting--and they want her dog! From underground to mountain peak, Jan Brett's story is filled with adventure and eye-catching detail.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Holiday,Christmas,Fantasy,Animals,Fiction,Adventure,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Holiday,Kids.
Title: What on Earth Are You Wearing?: A Michipedia of Fashion. Author: Michi Girl, Description: If you haven't heard of Michi Girl, don't worry, she hasn't heard of you either. Part weather girl, part fashion commentator, Michi has spent the better part of a decade keeping the world up to date with what's hot and what's, well, just plain wrong. After her best-selling first book, Like I Give A Frock, Michi was asked to shed some light on the mysteries of fashion-speak. If you've ever wondered what a galloon is, or whether fatigues really are just exhausted clothes, then Michi has the answer. From A-Cups to Ze Bra, this is the cheat's definitive guide to fashion.. Genre: Couture,Fashion,Nonfiction.
Title: Special Forces. Author: Erosa Knowles, Description: Major Tyson Bradford had two mistresses- his family and his career. He loved them both. For the first time, the two were demanding his presence at the same time. He’d failed to secure his ailing eighty-year-old Aunt into his home. All the traditional methods failed to produce the results he needed.,Lynay's four-year-old son had severe asthma. Fear strangled her each time he fell gasping to breathe. Her minimum wage job barely kept up with his escalating medications costs. Medicaid only went so far. Her baby needed more help than she could provide. , Anne, her best friend suggested something unconventional, a contract marriage. Anne’s brother deployment would take place in less than a week. Desperate, Tyson and Lynay agree to a marriage that would meet both of their pressing needs. His only requirement: absolute fidelity during their marriage. Since Lynay hadn’t been sexually active since the birth of her son, she agreed.,Everyone got what they wanted, right? Wrong. Allison, Tyson’s ex-wife refused to accept not only their divorce of three years, but Tyson’s re-marriage as well. ,An uncommon path of destruction pummeled Tyson’s Achilles heel. Seeds of deception were sown, and ultimately led to the breakup of their marriage. ,But to a woman scorned, the breakdown of the faux marriage was simply gravy. She intended to teach him a lesson. Her ultimate vengeance: his total ruin.,In her hatred, she forgot one thing. She messed with his family. And nobody messed with his family, for long.. Genre: Romance,Interracial Romance,Romance,War,Military Fiction,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Contemporary,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Military Fiction,Military Romance,Romance,M F Romance,Adult.
Title: Star Trek: Captain's Log. Author: David Tipton, Description: The most legendary captains of Starfleet get their due in this colleciton of one-shots! See how Captains Pike, Sulu, Harriman, and Jellico handle the responsibilites and challenges they face as Starfleet Captains.. Genre: Media Tie In,Star Trek,Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Science Fiction.
Title: What Is The Church?. Author: D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones, Description: nan. Genre: Religion,Theology,Christianity,Ecclesiology.
Title: Supernatural: Your Guide Through the Unexplained, the Unearthly and the Unknown. Author: Colin Wilson,Damon Wilson, Description: Popular culture has created a new thirst for supernatural knowledge and this comprehensive encyclopedia covers the entire spectrum of paranormal phenomena. From precognition and psychic detection to ghosts and demonic possession, authority Colin Wilson tells us everything we ever wanted to know about vampires, doppelgängers, witches, Odic forces, Atlantis, UFOs, crop circles, and more.. Genre: Fantasy,Supernatural,Fantasy,Paranormal,Nonfiction,Occult.
Title: The Natural Healer's Acupressure Handbook. Author: Michael Blate, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: The Kiss of a Stranger. Author: Sarah M. Eden, Description: When Crispin, Lord Cavratt, thoroughly and scandalously kisses a serving woman in the garden of a country inn, he assumes the encounter will be of no consequence. But he couldn't be more mistaken--the maid is not only a lady of birth, she's the niece of a very large, exceptionally angry gentlemen, who claims Crispin has compromised his niece beyond redemption. The dismayed young lord has no choice but to marry Miss Catherine Thorndale, who lacks both money and refinement and assumes all men are as vicious as her guardian uncle.,Trapped between an unwanted marriage and a hasty annulment, which would leave his reputation tainted and Catherine's utterly ruined, Crispin begins guiding his wife's transformation from a socially petrified country girl to a lady of society. Their unfolding relationship reveals encouraging surprises for both of them, and privately each of them wonders if theirs may become a true marriage of the heart. But their hopes are dashed when forces conspire to split asunder what fate has granted. As a battle of wits escalates into a life-threatening confrontation, will it be possible for Crispin and Catherine to live happily ever after?. Genre: Romance,Historical,Regency,Historical,Historical Fiction,Romance,Historical Romance,Historical,Romance,Clean Romance,Fiction,Historical Romance,Regency Romance,Adult,Womens Fiction,Chick Lit.
Title: Troll: A Love Story. Author: Johanna Sinisalo,Herbert Lomas, Description: Everyone has their rough nights, but things have clearly taken a turn for the surreal when Angel, a young photographer, finds a group of drunken teenagers in the courtyard of his apartment building, taunting a young troll. Trolls are known in Scandinavian mythology as wild beasts like the werewolf, but this troll is just a small, wounded creature. Angel decides to offer it a safe haven for the night. In the morning Angel thinks he dreamed it all. But he finds the troll alive, well, and drinking from his toilet. What does one do with a troll in the city?,Angel begins researching frantically. Angel searches the Internet, folklore, nature journals, and newspaper clippings, but his research doesn't tell him that trolls exude pheromones that have a profound aphrodisiac effect on all those around him. As Angel's life changes beyond recognition, it becomes clear that the troll is familiar with the man's most forbidden feelings, and that it may take him across lines he never thought he'd cross. A novel of sparkling originality, Troll is a wry, peculiar, and beguiling story of nature and man's relationship to wild things, and of the dark power of the wildness in ourselves.. Genre: Fantasy,Fiction,European Literature,Finnish Literature,LGBT,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,GLBT,Queer,Contemporary,Romance,Magical Realism,Novels.
Title: Encyclopedia Of Women In Today's World. Author: Carol K. Oyster,Jane E. Sloan,Mary Z. Stange, Description:    ,Request a free 30-day online trial to this title at ,www.sagepub.com/freetrial, ,The ,Encyclopedia of Women in Today's World ,looks at women today and delves into contexts of being female in the 21st century. The scope of the ,Encyclopedia ,focuses on women's status starting approximately in the year 2000 and going forward. From A-to-Z, this work covers the spectrum of defining women in the contemporary world.,Signed entries (with cross-references and recommended readings) cover the full range of issues in contemporary women's studies, with volumes including information relevant to the following academic disciplinary contexts: arts and media; business and economics; criminal justice; education; family studies; health; media; military; politics; science and technology; sports; religion; and women in different cultures and countries.. Genre: nan.
Title: Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade. Author: Oliver Bowden,Andrew   Holmes, Description: Niccolo Polo, father of Marco, will finally reveal the story he has kept secret all his life—the story of Altair, one of the brotherhood's most extraordinary assassins.,Altair embarks on a formidable mission—one that takes him throughout the Holy Land and shows him the true meaning of the Assassin's Creed. To demonstrate his commitment, Altair must defeat nine deadly enemies, including Templar leader, Robert de Sable.,Altair's life story is told here for the first time: a journey that will change the course of history; his ongoing battle with the Templar conspiracy; a family life that is as tragic as it is shocking; and the ultimate betrayal of an old friend.. Genre: Fantasy,Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Adventure,Historical,Games,Video Games,Science Fiction,Action,Novels,Sports and Games,Games.
Title: Dearly, Departed. Author: Lia Habel, Description: Love can never die.,Love conquers all, so they say. But can Cupid’s arrow pierce the hearts of the living ,and, the dead - or rather, the ,undead,? Can a proper young Victorian lady find true love in the arms of a dashing zombie? ,The year is 2195. The place is New Victoria - a high-tech nation modeled on the manners, mores, and fashions of an antique era. A teenager in high society, Nora Dearly is far more interested in military history and her country’s political unrest than in tea parties and debutante balls. But after her beloved parents die, Nora is left at the mercy of her domineering aunt, a social-climbing spendthrift who has squandered the family fortune and now plans to marry her niece off for money. For Nora, no fate could be more horrible - until she’s nearly kidnapped by an army of walking corpses. ,But fate is just getting started with Nora. Catapulted from her world of drawing-room civility, she’s suddenly gunning down ravenous zombies alongside mysterious black-clad commandos and confronting “The Laz,” a fatal virus that raises the dead - and hell along with them. Hardly ideal circumstances. Then Nora meets Bram Griswold, a young soldier who is brave, handsome, noble . . . and dead. But as is the case with the rest of his special undead unit, luck and modern science have enabled Bram to hold on to his mind, his manners, and his body parts. And when his bond of trust with Nora turns to tenderness, there’s no turning back. Eventually, they know, the disease will win, separating the star-crossed lovers forever. But until then, beating or not, their hearts will have what they desire.,In ,Dearly, Departed,, romance meets walking-dead thriller, spawning a madly imaginative novel of rip-roaring adventure, spine-tingling suspense, and macabre comedy that forever redefines the concept of undying love.. Genre: Young Adult,Science Fiction,Steampunk,Horror,Zombies,Romance,Fantasy,Paranormal,Fantasy,Science Fiction,Dystopia,Science Fiction,Horror,Romance,Paranormal Romance.
Title: Dark Souls. Author: Paula Morris, Description: Welcome to York, England.,Mist lingers in the streets.,Narrow buildings cast long shadows.,This is the most haunted city in the world. . . .,Miranda Tennant arrives in York with a terrible, tragic secret. She is eager to lose herself amid the quaint cobblestones, hoping she won't run into the countless ghosts who supposedly roam the city. . . .,Then she meets Nick, an intense, dark-eyed boy who knows all of York's hidden places and histories. Miranda wonders if Nick is falling for her, but she is distracted by another boy — one even more handsome and mysterious than Nick. He lives in the house across from Miranda and seems desperate to send her some sort of message. Could this boy be one of York's haunted souls?,Soon, Miranda realizes that something dangerous — and deadly — is being planned. And she may have to face the darkest part of herself in order to unravel the mystery — and find redemption.. Genre: Young Adult,Fantasy,Paranormal,Paranormal,Ghosts,Mystery,Fantasy,Romance,Fantasy,Supernatural,Horror,Fiction,European Literature,British Literature.
Title: Cats Behaving Badly: Why Cats Do the Funny Things They Do. Author: Celia Haddon, Description: Cats that insist on drinking from a tooth mug, cats that take their owners on (slow) walkies, cats with saggy tummy syndrome and cats that will only eat if their owners lie flat on the kitchen floor and say 'Yum yum yum' over the food bowl: these are some of the amusing dilemmas addressed by bestselling author Celia Haddon in this gem of a book.,Drawing on her years of experience as a pet agony aunt on the pages of the Daily Telegraph, the author has advice for fat cats, faddy cats, food weirdo cats - and their humans - in this charming, light-hearted and well informed book. She unravels the mysteries of cat behaviour and dispenses tips and advice to help readers make their cat very happy indeed. Underpinned by up-to-date scientific research, this book is full of real cat stories and true owner dilemmas. It adds up to indispensable reading for cat lovers everywhere.. Genre: Nonfiction,Animals,Cats,Animals,True Story.
Title: Rapture of the Deep: The Art of Ray Troll. Author: Ray Troll,David James Duncan,Bradford Matsen, Description: For more than two decades, Ray Troll has been luring, hooking, and landing fans around the world with his zany, irreverent, and often surreal art. Featured in museums, galleries, and books, as well as on immensely popular T-shirts, his work—part natural history adventure and part underground comic—depicts beautiful and accurately drawn fish of all kinds, Northwest Coast totems, Freud and Darwin, fossils, resurrections of extinct animals, and much more. ,Rapture of the Deep ,collects some of Troll's best-known art along with many images never before published. The book makes powerful connections between biological diversity, the evolution of life on earth, and the careless habits of people. ,Rapture of the Deep ,celebrates Troll's vision with legendary works including "Spawn Till You Die," "Life's a Fish and Then You Fry," and "Bassackwards," in which fish use money, liquor, and literature as bait to lure humans. Troll's running commentary reveals the thought and inspiration behind his art. Writer Brad Matsen, Troll's longtime coconspirator, adds a lively introduction to the art and life of his "sole" brother.. Genre: Art.
Title: The Autopoiesis of Architecture, Volume I: A New Framework for Architecture. Author: Patrik S. Schumacher, Description: Take a theoretical approach to architecture with ,The Autopoiesis of Architecture,, which presents the topic as a discipline with its own unique logic. Architecture's conception of itself is addressed as well as its development within wider contemporary society. Author Patrik Schumacher offers innovative treatment that enriches architectural theory with a coordinated arsenal of concepts facilitating both detailed analysis and insightful comparisons with other domains, such as art, science and politics. He explores how the various modes of communication comprising architecture depend upon each other, combine, and form a unique subsystem of society that co-evolves with other important autopoietic subsystems like art, science, politics and the economy.,The first of two volumes that together present a comprehensive account of architecture's autopoiesis, this book elaborates the theory of architecture's autopoeisis in 8 parts, 50 sections and 200 chapters. Each of the 50 sections poses a thesis drawing a central message from the insights articulated within the respective section. The 200 chapters are gathering and sorting the accumulated intelligence of the discipline according to the new conceptual framework adopted, in order to catalyze and elaborate the new formulations and insights that are then encapsulated in the theses. However, while the theoretical work in the text of the chapters relies on the rigorous build up of a new theoretical language, the theses are written in ordinary language ? with the theoretical concepts placed in brackets. The full list of the 50 theses affords a convenient summary printed as appendix at the end of the book.,The second volume completes the analysis of the discourse and further proposes a new agenda for contemporary architecture in response to the challenges and opportunities that confront architectural design within the context of current societal and technological developments.. Genre: Architecture.
Title: The Troll Bridge. Author: Jane Yolen,Adam Stemple, Description: A wicked adventure—or deadly…,troll,ble.,For sixteen-year-old harpist prodigy Moira, the annual Dairy Princess event in Vanderby is just another lame publicity "op." Moira a dairy princess? Get real. Twelve girls have been selected to have their likeness carved in butter and displayed on the Trollholm Bridge. It's a Vanderby State Fair tradition that has been going on for, like, ever.,As far as Moira is concerned, the sooner it's over with the butter—er—better.,About the same time and not far away, three brothers—members of the sensationally popular teen boy band The Griffsons—are in the middle of a much needed road trip to relax from the pressures of their latest tour.,In a flash, however, the kids are suddenly transported to a strange and mystical wilderness where they find themselves in the middle of a deadly tug-of-war struggle between a magical fox named Fossegrim and the monstrous troll Aenmarr of Austraegir. At the heart of the feud is a battle for possession of a mysterious magical fiddle—and an ancient compact between Trollholm and the outer world.,Whatever. All Moira cares about is that eleven of her fellow princesses have been enchanted into a slumber and Moira needs to figure out a way to awaken them…and get home.,Unfortunately for Moira and the Griffsons, nothing in Trollholm is as it seems. Finding a way out of Trollholm may be a lot more difficult than they think.. Genre: Fantasy,Young Adult,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Music,Fiction,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Young Adult,Teen,Retellings,Fantasy,Magic,Fairy Tales,Fairy Tale Retellings.
Title: Insight Guides: Ireland. Author: Brian Bell, Description: Some travelers love nothing better than to bathe in the sun. Others revel in immersing themselves in history and culture. Then there are those who are born to shop. We all know the type. In fact, we might ourselves be the type. There are some people for whom shopping is not a necessity but a sport. Insight Shopping Guides are a play book for the avid shopper who wants to level the playing field when he or she competes against natives for the best goods and deals the city has to offer. This series is for the discerning consumer who needs a little help navigating around an unfamiliar city. They are ideal shopping companions for travelers wanting lively, informative background material on the best shopping areas and reliable advice on finding the most reliable service.. Genre: Travel,Cultural,Ireland,Nonfiction.
Title: İşimdeyim Gücümdeyim. Author: Umut Sarıkaya, Description: Uykusuz dergisi çizeri Umut Sarıkaya'nın beklenen karikatür kitabı çıktı.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Asian Literature,Turkish Literature,Graphic Novels Comics.
Title: Human Anatomy: A Visual History from the Renaissance to the Digital Age. Author: Benjamin A. Rifkin,Michael J. Ackerman, Description: Praised by ,Nature, ("stunning"), the ,London Times, ("remarkable"), and the ,Guardian, ("mesmeric"), this lavishly illustrated book chronicles the remarkable history of anatomical illustration. Before the invention of photography, artists played an essential role in medical science, recording human anatomy in startlingly direct and often moving images. Over 400 years, beginning with Vesalius, they charted the main systems of the body, made precise studies of living organs, documented embryonic development, and described pathologies. ,Human Anatomy, includes portfolios of the work of 19 great anatomical artists, with concise biographies, and culminates with the Visible Human Project, which uses digital tools to visualize the human body.,Praise for ,Human Anatomy:,"From Leonardo da Vinci's exquisite pen-and-ink drawings of the human skeleton to the digital Visible Human Project in its three-dimensional glory, this fascinating book . . . documents more than 500 years of anatomical illustration in living color.", -Scientific American . Genre: Nonfiction,Art,Science,History,Health,Medicine,Science,History Of Science,Medical,Science,Biology,Reference,Anthropology.
Title: Original Stories From Real Life; with Conversations, Calculated To Regulate the Affections and Form the Mind to Truth and Goodness. Author: Mary Wollstonecraft, Description: When two very poorly-brought-up girls are sent to their relative, Mrs. Mason, after the death of their mother, that woman attempts to reform them through story and conversation.. Genre: Short Stories,Nonfiction.
Title: Place: A Short Introduction. Author: Tim Cresswell, Description: This text introduces students of human geography to the fundamental concept of place, marrying everyday uses of the term with the complex theoretical debates that have grown up around it.,A short introduction to one of the most fundamental concepts in human geography Marries everyday uses of the term "place" with the more complex theoretical debates that have grown up around it Makes the debates intelligible to students, using familiar stories as a way into more abstract ideas Excerpts and discusses key papers on place by Doreen Massey and David Harvey Considers empirical examples of ways in which the concept of place has been used in research Teaching and learning aids include an annotated bibliography, lists of key readings and texts, a survey of web resources, suggested pedagogical resources and possible student projects. Genre: Science,Geography,Nonfiction,Reference,Research,Academic,Sociology,Space,Philosophy,Theory,Philosophy,Culture,Cultural Studies.
Title: The African Safari Discovery. Author: Josh Greenhut,Macky Pamintuan,Jeff Brown, Description: Stanley’s not the only flat one!,When a flat skull is discovered in Africa, Stanley Lambchop decides to travel there with his brother, Arthur, and their father, George. Maybe studying the skull will give them clues to Stanley's flatness. But once in Africa, the Lambchops are in for more adventure than they bargained for. From lions to zebras to elephants, it's the safari of a lifetime!. Genre: Fiction,Childrens,Chapter Books,Childrens,Cultural,Africa,Adventure,Fantasy,Travel,Audiobook,Childrens,Middle Grade,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: The Troll With No Heart in His Body and other Tales of Trolls, from Norway. Author: Lise Lunge-Larsen,Betsy Bowen, Description: As tall as trees and as ancient and rugged as the Norwegian landscape from which they come, trolls are some of lore's most fascinating and varied creatures. Some live under bridges, others deep inside caves. They can carry their heads under their arms or hide their hearts inside wells. They can walk across oceans and fly over mountains. Trees and shrubs may grow from their heads, and their noses can be long enough to stir soup. There are troll hags, troll daughters, and elderly, shrunken trolls. Old or young, they are quarrelsome, ugly, and boastful, and they love to trick princesses and children. To defeat them, children must rely on the strengths of their humanity-persistence, kindness, pluck, and willingness to heed good advice. Genre: Fiction,Fantasy,Folklore,Childrens,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Childrens,Picture Books,Fantasy,Mythology,Childrens,Juvenile,European Literature,Scandinavian Literature.
Title: ذاكرة ملك. Author: Hassan II,Éric Laurent, Description: نادراً ما يتحدث زعيم بهذا الوضوح والصراحة اللذين في هذا الكتاب، أما الأكثر ندرة فهو ذلك الشمول في ثنايا كتاب يعتبر غير عادي في زمن غير عادي لرجل غير عادي. والملك الحسن الثاني في هذه الحوارات يجول بالقارئ في المغرب حيث محمد الخامس، والاستقلال، والدستور، وابن بركة، وأوفقير.. الجزائر حيث بن بلة، وبومدين، والشاذلي بن جديد.. إلى فرنسا دوغول، وديستان، وميتران.. إلى مشرق فيصل، وفهد، وعبد الناصر، والأسد، والحسين، وعرفات.. إلى غرب نيكسون، وبوش، وكيندي وقبلهم روزفلت، وتشرشيل. كتاب مشوق وممتع ومفيد ويوثق في ذات الوقت للحقيقة والتاريخ، ويجيب على تساؤلات تقربنا أكثر من شخصية الملك الحسن الثاني، وتعرفنا على جوانب يكشف عنها لأول مرة. نظرة واقعية ذات بعد عالمي، تأخذ القارئ، أياً كان توجهه، مع فلسفة تجول في رحاب الكون.. Genre: Politics,Northern Africa,Morocco.
Title: The Single Girl's To-Do List. Author: Lindsey Kelk, Description: A hilarious and romantic standalone novel from the bestselling author of the I Heart series,Rachel Summers loves a to-do list:,• Boyfriend,• Flat,• Great job,NOT on the list:,• Being dumped,Best friends Emelie and Matthew ride to her rescue with an entirely new kind of list – The Single Girl’s To-Do List. Rachel doesn’t know it, but it will take her on all kinds of wild adventures – and get her in some romantic pickles too. And then it won't be a case of what but who she decides to tick off…,• Mr. bendy yoga instructor,• Mr. teenage sweetheart,• Mr. persistent ex,• Mr. deeply unsuitable,The Single Girl’s To-Do List gives Rachel the perfect heartbreak cure – and proves love is out there if you’re willing to take a chance.. Genre: Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Romance,Contemporary,Fiction,Adult,Humor,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Adult Fiction,Audiobook,Love.
Title: Le secret de Cixi, 2ème partie. Author: Christophe Arleston,Olivier Vatine, Description: Troy, le monde où chacun possède un pouvoir magique… Désormais séparée de Lanfeust après son départ tonitruant du palais de Xingdu, Cixi décide de regagner Eckmül par ses propres moyens. Embarquée sur un navire marchant, elle fait la connaissance d’un équipage singulier de pirates, composé de filles aussi belles que dangereuses. A bord, Cixi découvre le monde magique des mers, les rigueurs de la navigation et prouve si besoin était qu’elle n’est pas du genre à se laisser marcher dessus… Au terme d’une aventure pour le moins mouvementée en compagnie de ses nouvelles alliées, Cixi s’apprête finalement à rejoindre Eckmül sur le dos d’une bien étrange créature marine. Sur les murs de la cité, l’ombre ténébreuse ne va pas tarder à frapper ! Naturellement, de nombreux autres dangers attendent la célèbre héroïne…. Genre: Sequential Art,Bande Dessinée,Fantasy,Sequential Art,Comics.
Title: Year's Best SF 8. Author: David G. Hartwell,Kathryn Cramer,Bruce Sterling,Michael Swanwick,Eleanor Arnason,Geoffrey A. Landis,Robert Reed,Ken Wharton,Robert Sheckley,Charles Sheffield,Ursula K. Le Guin,Richard Chwedyk,Charles Stross,Terry Bisson,A.M. Dellamonica,Paul Di Filippo,J.R. Dunn,Carol Emshwiller,Neal Asher,Greg Egan,Robert Onopa,Jack Williamson,Gene Wolfe,Nancy Kress,Michael Moorcock, Description: Brave New Worlds To Explore and ConquerThe astonishingly possible is once again showcased in a breathtaking volume of the best short form SF the past year had to offer. Contributed by some of the most revered and exciting voices in the genre -- and compiled by acclaimed editor and anthologist David G. Hartwell -- these stories of wonder and terror, astounding technologies and miraculous discovery, stretch the imagination into realms and universes never dreamed of before. Each tale is a dazzling gem, rocketing readers across light years and into unknown dimensions -- exploring the intricate cultures of alien races and the strange, secret workings of the human mind. And together they form an unparalleled whole -- a collection of luminous visions that shines more brightly than a newborn sun.,New tales from:,Nancy Kress,Ursula K. Le Guin,Greg Egan,Bruce Sterling,Michael Swanwick,Gene Wolfe,and many more. Genre: Science Fiction,Short Stories,Fiction,Anthologies,Speculative Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy.
Title: Uncanny X-Men: The New Age, Volume 4: End of Greys. Author: Chris Claremont,Chris Bachalo, Description: In the wake of House of M, Marvel Girl's emotions are heating up Faced with a future she thought was destroyed, Marvel Girl will find out just what she's really made of Collects Uncanny X-Men #466-471.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Superheroes,Marvel,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Marvel,X Men,Comics,Superheroes,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Comic Book.
Title: The Arrow Over the Door. Author: Joseph Bruchac,James Watling, Description: To fourteen-year-old Samuel Russell, called "coward" for his peace-loving Quaker beliefs, the summer of 1777 is a time of fear. The British and the Patriots will soon meet in battle near his home in Saratoga, New York. The Quakers are in danger from roaming Indians and raiders—yet to fight back is not the Friends' way.,To Stands Straight, a young Abenaki Indian on a scouting mission for the British, all Americans are enemies, for they killed his mother and brother. But in a Quaker Meetinghouse he will come upon Americans unlike any he has ever seen. What will the encounter bring? Based on a real historical incident, this fast-paced and moving story is a powerful reminder that "the way of peace... can be walked by all human beings".. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Academic,School,Historical,Childrens,Childrens,Middle Grade,Young Adult,Native Americans,Childrens,Chapter Books,North American Hi...,American History.
Title: We Are The Engineers. Author: Angela Melick, Description: The life of an engineering student ain't easy! The brutal courseload, the caffeine-fueled study marathons, the social isolation from everyone but each other. These comics are an engineering student's comic observations about belligerent baristas, grade-grabbing geniuses, psychotic squirrels, addictive anime, impossible internships... and everything in between! The best-of collection from the popular webcomic "Wasted Talent".. Genre: Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Webcomic,Humor,Nonfiction,Graphic Novels Comics,Humor,Comedy.
Title: Apacheria. Author: Jake Page, Description: In this riveting, action-packed alternate history, the Apaches forge their own bold nation and enter the world of racketeering and politics--all the while maintaining their traditional ways--as a new neighbor to a United States that will never be the same again . . .,In 1884 only one thing stood in the way of United States expansion: the Apaches. The U.S. Army believed it could easily defeat this ragtag band of savages who viewed one another more as rivals than allies. But one of those "savages" was a military genius: Juh, "He Who Sees Ahead." It was Juh's vision that persuaded the various tribal leaders to set aside their differences and work together, thus turning the disconnected bands of warring Apaches into the most cohesive fighting force the West had ever seen--and crushing the invading army. ,Thus was born Apacheria--the Apache Nation--and a world where Juh and his son, Little Spring, matched wits and weapons with a cast ranging from Teddy Roosevelt and Carrie Nation to Al Capone and J. Edgar Hoover. A world where it was best to stand with the Apaches, and never against them . . .. Genre: Science Fiction,Alternate History,Science Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy.
Title: Productivity for Librarians: How to get more done in less time. Author: Samantha Hines, Description: Productivity for Librarians, is a guidebook that provides tips and tools for library workers for organizing, prioritizing, and managing time along with reducing stress. While targeted at librarians, author Samantha Hines’s straightforward advice is readily accessible to all library workers. Hines discusses ideas such as “motivation,” which includes having goals while achieving a balance between work and outside the workplace. She talks about how to best approach procrastination and time management in order to get the most out of your hours. Hines also shows the best ways to reach optimal productivity as her chapters discuss systems of, managing for, and sticking with, productivity. She concludes with a resource guide for continued learning about and exploration of productivity that can be applied to the reader’s individual circumstances.. Genre: Nonfiction.
Title: Study Guide for Pharmacology: A Nursing Process Approach. Author: Joyce LeFever Kee,Evelyn R. Hayes,Linda E. McCuistion, Description: This student study guide contains a variety of exercises specifically designed to reinforce content presented in the textbook. Chapter worksheets feature more than 1,800 study questions, 160 drug calculation and dosage problems, and case-based critical thinking exercises. Like the Kee text, the study guide features a strong nursing focus and comprehensive coverage of drug dosage calculations, including numerous sample drug labels.,Over 1,800 study questions reinforce textbook concepts and prepare you for the NCLEX(R) examination.,An extensive section of drug calculation problems helps you master important dosage calculation methods.,Case-based critical thinking exercises enhance your understanding of nursing responsibilities in drug therapy.,Sample drug labels familiarize you with the labels you will encounter in clinical practice.,A basic math review appendix provides a helpful review of key mathematics concepts. Answers for all exercises are included to facilitate self-study.,Thoroughly updated content corresponds to the Kee text, including a new chapter on medication safety.,Additional NCLEX(R) examination-style review questions reflect an increased focus on alternate item-format questions. Approximately 100 new prioritization activities provide practice in identifying key nursing actions.. Genre: Nurses,Nursing.
Title: Historians and the Causes of the French Revolution. Author: Alfred Cobban, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: Inside. Author: Brenda Novak, Description: Virgil Skinner served fourteen years for a murder he didn't commit. He's finally been exonerated, but he can't escape the gang he joined in order to survive. They'll do ,anything, to keep him from telling what he knows. And if they can't get to Virgil they'll go after his sister and her kids.,The California Department of Corrections needs someone to infiltrate another gang, one that's taking control of the state's most notorious supermax. Virgil agrees to do it under an alias--in exchange for his sister's protection.,Chief Deputy Warden Peyton Adams is opposed to having Virgil in her prison. How will she protect him if things go bad? Besides, she's far too attracted to him; she might even be falling in love with him. That makes her all the more desperate to keep him safe--and it gives ,him, someone else to lose.. Genre: Romance,Romantic Suspense,Romance,Suspense,Mystery,Contemporary,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Adult,Thriller,Fiction,Thriller,Mystery Thriller.
Title: The Elephant Scientist. Author: Caitlin O'Connell,Donna M. Jackson,Timothy Rodwell,Caitlin O'Connell Rodwell, Description: In the sprawling African scrub desert of Etosha National Park, they call her "the mother of all elephants." Holding binoculars closely to her eyes, American scientist Caitlin O'Connell could not believe what she was seeing from these African elephants: as the mighty matriarch scanned the horizon, the other elephants followed suit, stopped mid-stride, and stood as still as statues. This observation would guide the scientist to a groundbreaking discovery about elephant communication: elephants actually listen with their limbs.. Genre: Nonfiction,Science,Animals,Childrens,Picture Books,Cultural,Africa,Childrens,Environment,Nature,Childrens,Middle Grade,Biography,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: Changing Planet, Changing Health: How the Climate Crisis Threatens Our Health and What We Can Do about It. Author: Paul R. Epstein,Dan Ferber,Jeffrey D. Sachs, Description: Climate change is now doing far more harm than marooning polar bears on melting chunks of ice—it is damaging the health of people around the world. Brilliantly connecting stories of real people with cutting-edge scientific and medical information, ,Changing Planet, Changing Health, brings us to places like Mozambique, Honduras, and the United States for an eye-opening on-the-ground investigation of how climate change is altering patterns of disease. Written by a physician and world expert on climate and health and an award-winning science journalist, the book reveals the surprising links between global warming and cholera, malaria, lyme disease, asthma, and other health threats. In clear, accessible language, it also discusses topics including Climategate, cap-and-trade proposals, and the relationship between free markets and the climate crisis. Most importantly, ,Changing Planet, Changing Health, delivers a suite of innovative solutions for shaping a healthy global economic order in the twenty-first century.. Genre: Nonfiction,Science,Environment,Climate Change,Health.
Title: Priestess, Mother, Sacred Sister: Religions Dominated by Women. Author: Susan Starr Sered, Description: Religion is often denounced as one of the tools used by patriarchal societies to maintain the status quo, and especially to persuade women to accept subordinate roles. This does not explain, however, the existence of many religious groups in which women are both leaders and the majority of participants. How are these women's religions different from those dominated by men? What can we learn from them about the special ways in which women experience their unique reality? In this fascinating and pathbreaking work--the first comparative study of women's religions--Susan Starr Sered seeks answers to these compelling questions., Looking for common threads linking groups as diverse as the ancestral cults of the Black Caribs of Belize, Korean shamanism, Christian Science, and the Feminist Spirituality movement, Sered finds that motherhood and motherly concerns play a vital role in these female-dominated groups. Nurturing and concern for others are at the center, as are healing arts and ways of dealing with illness and the death of children. Religion not only enables women to find sacred meaning in their daily lives, from the preparation of food to caring for their families, but an offer intense and personal relationships with deities and spirits--often through ecstatic possession trance--as well as opportunities to celebrate and mourn with other women., By examining the shared experiences of women across great cultural divides, ,Priestess, Mother, Sacred Sister, offers a new understanding of the role gender plays in determining how individuals grapple with the ultimate questions of existence. In the process, it not only highlights the profound differences between men and women, but the equally important ways in which we are all alike.. Genre: Religion,Nonfiction.
Title: Ja, inkwizytor. Dotyk zła. Author: Jacek Piekara, Description: Oto on, inkwizytor i Sługa Boży, człowiek głębokiej wiary.,Oto dwie minipowieści, których bohaterem jest Mordimer Madderdin, pełen wiary i zapału młody inkwizytor.,Dlaczego bogaty kupiec pragnie utopić we wrzącej smole ubóstwianego synka? Dlaczego zacny patrycjusz w okrutny sposób zabija ukochaną żonę? Mordimer Madderdin musi wyjaśnić jaka siła popycha ludzi do czynienia bezrozumnego zła. ,Mordimer wpada w miłosne sidła zastawione przez śliczną i uroczą góralkę. Jak długo wytrzyma inkwizytor którego nazywa się „miodowym placuszkiem“ i „szafranową babeczką“? I jak długo wytrzyma, by kierowany świętym obowiązkiem, nie zajrzeć do szafy pełnej trupów?. Genre: Fantasy,European Literature,Polish Literature,Audiobook,Fiction,Fantasy,Dark Fantasy,Borrowed.
Title: حكم النبي محمد. Author: Leo Tolstoy,ليو تولستوي,سليم قبعين, Description: كتاب يتحدث فيه الكاتب و الروائي الرائع الروسي تولستوي عن النبي صلى الله عليه و سلم. و يعبر عن إعجابه بأحاديث أعجب بها عن الرسول صلى الله عليه و سلم. و بلغ عددها ما يقارب الـ 56 حديثاً. و في الكتاب يتحدث تولستوي عن نظرياته عن الحياة مع الفلاحين و عن الطبقى الغنية في روسيا.,للتحميل,http://hotfile.com/dl/62250120/a65d30...,أو,http://www.filefactory.com/file/b2g6h.... Genre: Religion,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Literature,Russian Literature,Religion,Islam,Literature,History,Biography Memoir.
Title: Central African Republic in Pictures (Visual Geography). Author: Matt Doeden, Description: An overview of Central African Republic's geography and history, along with an exploration of the political, economic, and cultural landscape of this landlocked country in central Africa.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Old Testament: King James Version. Author: Anonymous, Description: nan. Genre: Religion,Nonfiction,Classics,History,Fantasy,Mythology,Audiobook,Christianity,Lds,Religion,Christianity.
Title: The World Guide to Gnomes, Fairies, Elves and Other Little People. Author: Thomas Keightley, Description: A compendium of international fairy folklore.. Genre: Fantasy,Fantasy,Mythology,Folklore,Reference,Reference,Research,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Paranormal,Fairies,Fairies,Fae,Fiction,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: مليم الأكبر. Author: عادل كامل, Description: نشأ مليم يجول الحي بصحبة أبيه، بائع الجرائد ثم الزهور والمخدرات. حياة هانئة حرة قضاها مليم، إلى أن دخل أبوه السجن، فقرر مليم أن يزاول عملًا شريفًا. وعلى الرغم من نواياه الطيبة، انتهى مليم أيضًا وراء القضبان، بسبب سذاجة خالد، ابن الباشا، الثائر على أبيه ومجتمعه.,بعد الخروج من السجن يعمل مليم في «القلعة»، حيث تعيش خلية شيوعية متنوعة من الهامشيين والمنظرين، فتعود الحياة إلى خفتها، ويعود مليم إلى النصب البريء بمساعدة صديقته الرسامة. وعندما يلتقي مليم بخالد مجددًا، يستدرجه بحيلة إلى القلعة، فيغرم خالد بالرسامة وبوهم الحياة البوهيمية. لكن الأقدار ستؤدي بكل منهم إلى حيث لم يتوقع.,رواية ممتعة، تصور بسخرية لاذعة التمرد المزيف والثقافة الفارغة، وأحلام التغيير.,يلي الرواية نص نجيب محفوظ: «عادل كامل.. والحرافيش.. والأدب..». Genre: Fiction,Northern Africa,Egypt,Classics,Cultural,Africa,Literature.
Title: Early Anglo Saxon Art And Archaeology: Being The Rhind Lectures Delivered In Edinburgh, 1935. Author: E.T. Leeds, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: Britain And Ireland In Early Christian Times, A. D. 400 800. Author: Charles  Thomas, Description: Physical description; 144 p : ill(some col), 22cm. Subject; Church history — Primitive and early church, ca. 30-600. Church history — Middle Ages, 600-1500.. Genre: History.
Title: Youth in Revolt: The Journals of Nick Twisp, Book One. Author: C.D. Payne, Description: Six months in the life of the world's most dangerous teenager.,Youth in Revolt, is the journals of Nick Twisp, California's most precocious diarist, whose ongoing struggles to make sense out of high school, deal with his divorced parents, and lose his virginity result in his transformation from an unassuming fourteen-year-old to a modern youth in open revolt. ,As his family splinters, worlds collide, and the police block all routes out of town, Nick must cope with economic deprivation, homelessness, the gulag of the public schools, a competitive Type-A father, murderous canines (in triplicate), and an inconvenient hair trigger on his erectile response—all while vying ardently for the affections of the beauteous Sheeni Saunders, teenage goddess and ultimate intellectual goad.. Genre: Fiction,Young Adult,Humor,Young Adult,Coming Of Age,Humor,Comedy,Contemporary,Young Adult,Teen,Novels,Romance,Adult.
Title: Star of Doom. Author: David C. Smith,Richard L. Tierney, Description: nan. Genre: Fantasy,Heroic Fantasy,Sword and Sorcery.
Title: Anglo-Saxon Military Institutions on the Eve of the Norman Conquest. Author: C. Warren Hollister, Description: nan. Genre: History.
Title: The Arthur of Medieval Latin Literature: The Development and Dissemination of the Arthurian Legend in Medieval Latin. Author: Siân Echard, Description: Geoffrey of Monmouth’s ,History of the Kings of Britain,, written in Latin, is one of the earliest sources for many of the legends we now associate with King Arthur and his knights. What is little known, however, is that the tradition of Arthur stories in Latin extended well beyond Geoffrey. This collection offers essays that highlight different aspects of that broader Latin Arthurian tradition.. Genre: Mythology,Arthurian.
Title: The Arthur of the North: The Arthurian Legend in the Norse and Rus’ Realms. Author: Marianne E. Kalinke, Description: In ,The Arthur of the North,, Marianne E. Kalinke offers the first book-length study of the Arthurian literature translated from French and Latin into Old Norse-Icelandic in the thirteenth century.  Preserved mostly in Icelandic manuscripts, in early modern times these Scandinavian Arthurian legends inspired the composition of narrative poems and chapbooks in Denmark, Iceland, and Norway, chiefly of the Tristan legend. The importation of Arthurian literature in the North, primarily French romances and lais, is indebted largely to the efforts of King Hákon Hákonarson (r. 1217–63) of Norway, who commissioned the translation of Thomas de Bretagne’s ,Tristan ,in 1226, and subsequently several Arthurian romances by Chrétien de Troyes and a number of Breton lais. Kalinke shows the transmission of foreign courtly literature in the non-courtly culture of Iceland, and the changes taken on in narrative and style as the tales made their way north.. Genre: Mythology,Arthurian,Historical,Medieval,Fantasy,Mythology.
Title: Artful Journals: Making and Embellishing Memory Books, Garden Diaries & Travel Albums. Author: Janet Takahashi, Description: We all have thoughts, feelings, and experiences that we want to preserve forever--and a journal makes the perfect keepsake. This inspiration-packed guide, with beautiful watercolor art throughout, offers a wealth of creative ideas for creating attractive journals from scratch as well as embellishing store-bought ones. The 21 creative projects range from a seasonal journal that features stunning handmade papers decorated with natural items (such as twigs and leaves) to a lovely book made from travel postcards that opens like a fan. Other exquisite suggestions include an accordion-style booklet for writing down all the must-remember things your kids say, a romantic journal, and a sweet little spiral-bound book for collecting favorite handed-down recipes.. Genre: Art,Art,Crafts,Nonfiction.
Title: Onward Towards Our Noble Deaths. Author: Shigeru Mizuki, Description: A landmark publishing event of one of Japan's most famous cartoonists,Shigeru Mizuki is the preeminent figure of ,Gekiga ,manga and one of the most famous working cartoonists in Japan today–a true living legend. ,Onward Towards Our Noble Deaths ,is his first book to be translated into English and is a semiautobiographical account of the desperate final weeks of a Japanese infantry unit at the end of WorldWar II. The soldiers are told that they must go into battle and die for the honor of their country, with certain execution facing them if they return alive. Mizuki was a soldier himself (he was severely injured and lost an arm) and uses his experiences to convey the devastating consequences and moral depravity of the war.,Mizuki's list of accolades and achievements is long and detailed. In Japan, the life of Mizuki and his wife has been made into an extremely popular television drama that airs daily. Mizuki is the recipient of many awards, including the Best AlbumAward for his book ,NonNonBa ,(to be published in 2012 by D+Q) and the Heritage Essential Award for ,Onward Towards Our Noble Deaths ,at the Angoulême International Comics Festival, the Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize Special Award, the Kyokujitsu Sho Decoration, the Shiju Hosho Decoration, and the KodanshaManga Award.His hometown of Sakaiminato honored him with Shigeru Mizuki Road—a street decorated with bronze statues of his ,Ge Ge Ge no Kitaro ,characters—and the Shigeru Mizuki International Cultural Center.. Genre: Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Manga,Sequential Art,Comics,History,Cultural,Japan,War,Nonfiction,War,World War II,Asian Literature,Japanese Literature,Historical.
Title: Chinese Erotic Poems. Author: Tony Barnstone,Chou Ping, Description: The ancient Chinese tradition of erotic poetry has been largely ignored in the west. Now, a vast continent of sensual verse is opened to us with this glorious collection spanning nearly three thousand years and including many poems never before translated into English. ,Tony Barnstone and Chou Ping have brought together poems about deep love and pure lust, enticement and seduction, ecstasy and disappointment. Here are poems that express need, hunger, grief, and longing—for husbands and wives and for concubines and lovers; poems by turns explicit or subtle, light-hearted or desperate, written from both men’s and women’s points of view. The editors have drawn on a wide range of sources from 600 BCE to the present, including highly literary poems, popular verse, and folk songs, as well as poems that appeared in ancient Daoist sex manuals, in classical novels of the Ming Dynasty, and in collections of erotic prints. The result is a dazzling array of voices that speak the universal language of desire.,For the first time, all the major works of this beloved writer are gathered together in one hardcover volume.. Genre: Poetry,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Cultural,China,Literature.
Title: Machinery's Handbook. Author: Erik Oberg,Henry H. Ryffel,Franklin Day Jones, Description: The 25th edition of the bible of the mechanical industries. The speeds and feeds section has been revised, updated and expanded to include new materials, more cutting tools, and tool life estimates. The welding section has been rewritten to incorporate recent developments, the numerical control section has been expanded and rearranged to facilitate use, and logarithm and trigonometry tables have been reinstated. New to this edition are sections on bolt tightening torques, motion control sections, ISO 9000, lasers, dividing heads, bandsaws (including speeds and feeds), electrical discharge machining, retaining rings, machinability of wood, and collets. In addition, all the practical information and data has been reviewed and updated where necessary.. Genre: Science,Engineering,Reference,Nonfiction,Computer Science,Technical,Science,Textbooks.
Title: Living. Author: Henry Green, Description: LIVING, as an early novel, marks the beginning of Henry Green's career as a writer who made his name by exploring class distinctions through the medium of love. Set in an iron foundry in Birmingham, LIVING grittily and entertainingly contrasts the lives of the workers and the owners. Genre: Fiction,Classics,European Literature,British Literature,Literature,Novels,Literary Fiction,Literature,20th Century,Historical,Historical Fiction.
Title: For Duty's Sake. Author: Lucy Monroe, Description: Angele has longed for her betrothal to Crown Prince Zahir to be consummated within wedlock. She naively hoped her promised husband would wait for her, as she would himbut compromising paparazzi photos have dashed those youthful dreams.,She cannot become Zahir's wife out of duty and endure a loveless union; she must let him go freebut on one condition. Without taking Angele's hand in marriage, will the proud sheikh agree to give her the wedding night she has long dreamed of?. Genre: Category Romance,Harlequin,Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin Presents,Contemporary,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Fiction,Harlequin,Harlequin Romance,Adult,Harlequin,Hqn,Romance,Category Romance.
Title: Au Revoir, Crazy European Chick. Author: Joe Schreiber, Description: Ferris Bueller meets ,La Femme Nikita, in this funny, action-packed young adult novel.,It’s prom night—and Perry just wants to stick to his own plan and finally play a much-anticipated gig with his band in the Big Apple. But when his mother makes him take Gobija Zaksauskas—their quiet, geeky Lithuanian exchange student—to the prom, he never expects that his ordinary high school guy life will soon turn on its head. Perry finds that Gobi is on a mission, and Perry has no other choice but to go along for a reckless ride through Manhattan’s concrete grid with a trained assassin in Dad’s red Jag.,Infused with capers, car chases, heists, hits, henchmen, and even a bear fight, this story mixes romance, comedy, and tragedy in a true teen coming-of-age adventure—and it’s not over until it’s “au revoir.”. Genre: Young Adult,Adventure,Contemporary,Mystery,Young Adult,Teen,Realistic Fiction,Fiction,Action,Humor,Thriller.
Title: Acquired: The CEO's Small-Town Bride. Author: Catherine Mann, Description: The people of Vista del Mar were about to pay. Now that Rafe Cameron had made his fortune, he was out to settle old debts. Except he hadn't counted on running into Sarah Richards his feisty ex–flame who was determined to put an end to his feud with their hometown. Secretly amused that Sarah had turned into such a do–gooder, Rafe allowed himself to consider her pleas. But nothing not even the thawing of his own frozen heart would make this CEO amend his plans. Until one revelation changed everything. Genre: Romance,Category Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin,Harlequin Desire,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Romance,Category Romance.
Title: Black Legion Of Callisto. Author: Lin Carter,Bruce Pennington, Description: Jandar the alien, tortured by his love for the magnificent Princess Darloona in the savage and primitive world of Thanator, devises an incredible plan to infiltrate the ranks of the barbaric and merciless Black Legion who hold both the city of Shondakor and the Princess in their relentless power. It is a plan of inconceivable daring, fraught with dangers unthinkable by the human mind...and when the gates of the city lock behind him, Jandar realizes that death might be their only way out.... Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Sword and Planet,Pulp.
Title: His Heir, Her Honor. Author: Catherine Mann, Description: There was no way he had fathered her baby! Carlos Medina "knew" he couldn't have children. But Lilah Anderson insisted their night together had resulted in her pregnancy. And when she refused to back down, his princely honor demanded he acknowledge his heir.Doctor, dignitary...Lilah didn't give a hoot about Carlos's royal pedigree! The mom-to-be had never cheated on her lover; she had given him her heart, asking nothing in return. Now, he wanted to marry her--for the sake of their child. Was she asking too much by insisting he give her his love "and" his ring?. Genre: Category Romance,Harlequin,Romance,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin Desire,Harlequin,Harlequin Romance,Contemporary,Harlequin,Harlequin Presents,Romance,Category Romance.
Title: Callisto Volume 1. Author: Lin Carter, Description: THE CLASSIC FANTASY SERIES, FROM THE CO-AUTHOR OF, CONAN THE BARBARIAN! At the height of the Vietnam War, Jon Dark is a helicopter pilot for the International Red Cross, flying numerous rescue missions...until the day his helicopter crashes in the Cambodian jungles. Cut off from American troops, he searches for a way out, only to find a lost city -- and the gateway to another world.,Stepping through the portal, he arrives on Callisto -- a savage, hostile world terrorized by insect-men and the infamous Sky Pirates of Zanadar. It is a world of black and crimson jungles where Jon Dark -- now known as Jandar -- finds not only chilling dangers awaiting him, but also the love of a beautiful princess.. Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction.
Title: Jandar of Callisto. Author: Lin Carter,Vincent Di Fate, Description: Librarian note: Dell 4182 95¢ on the front cover. The ISBN 0-440-04182-1 is derived from the SBN 440-04182-095 on the spine.,JANDAR THE ALIEN ENSLAVED,on Callisto, moon of Jupiter, a world of black and crimson jungles where the hand of every man is lifted in eternal enmity against every other... a savage, hostile world on which he is first held prisoner by the fearsome insect-men, only to be freed for a more binding slavery in the deadly clutches of the insidious Sky Pirates... and in the incalculable aura of the beautiful princess Darloona who elicits love almost beyond the limits of his mortal soul...,(Source: back cover). Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Sword and Planet,Fiction,Adventure,Science Fiction Fantasy,Pulp.
Title: Pocket Neighborhoods: Creating Small-Scale Community in a Large-Scale World. Author: Ross Chapin,Sarah Susanka, Description: Pocket Neighborhoods: Creating Small Scale Community in a Large Scale World ,introduces an antidote to faceless, placeless sprawl — small scale neighborhoods where people can easily know one another, where empty nesters and single householders with far-flung families can find friendship or a helping hand nearby, and where children can have shirt-tail aunties and uncles just beyond their front gate.The book describes inspiring pocket neighborhoods through stories of the people who live there, as well as the progressive planners, innovative architects, pioneering developers, craftspeople and gardeners who helped create them.,Sarah Susanka, author of the best selling “Not So Big House” series, wrote the Foreword to the book, placing pocket neighborhoods within context of the contemporary trends in housing and community. Ross Chapin begins the book by outlining the shifts in the scale of community and the American Dream over several generations, leading to super-sized houses in a sea of development, then describes a solution to help restore healthy, livable communities. The first section of the book looks at historic precedents of pocket neighborhoods, from 15th century hofje almshouses in the Netherlands, to a 19th century Methodists Camp Community on Martha’s Vineyard, to early 20th century Garden City models and Southern California Cottage Courtyards. The second section covers a wide range of contemporary pocket neighborhoods, including New Urban communities, affordable housing, houseboat communities, eco-neighborhoods, and Ross Chapin Architects’ own pocket neighborhood examples. The third section focuses on ‘cohousing’ communities, from Danish origins in the 1960s, to examples across America, Australia and New Zealand, including a chapter on senior cohousing. The fourth section looks at retrofitting pocket neighborhoods within existing communities. Throughout the book are series of “Design Keys” that highlight the essential principles of pocket neighborhood planning and design, and short stories about “Pocket Neighborhood Pioneers” who blazed new trails. The book is filled with rich photographs, drawings, illustrations and site plans, and a Resources section at the end provides leads for the reader to explore the topic in further detail.,  . Genre: Cities,Urban Planning,Nonfiction,Architecture,Cities,Urbanism,Geography,Cities,Family.
Title: Renegade Of Callisto. Author: Lin Carter,Frank Frazetta, Description: nan. Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Sword and Planet,Anthologies,Collections,Pulp.
Title: Sky Pirates of Callisto. Author: Lin Carter,Bruce Pennington, Description: Jandar the Alien,SAVAGED,Stumbling upon the Lost City of Arangkhor in the trackless jungles of Cambodia, Jandar was mysteriously transported to the strange world of Callisto where the teeming black and crimson jungles sprawl under skies of golden vapour.,Now Jandar the Alien fears for the safety of the beautiful princess Darloona, a captive of the dreaded Sky Pirates. He resorts to a desperate plan to free her but fate and treachery alter his course and Jandar is taken by the Perushtarians. Abandoned in the loathsome slave-pens of Narouk, his destiny is to fight for his life in a barbaric arena of death...,Cover Illustration: Bruce Pennington. Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Sword and Planet,Pulp.
Title: Ylana Of Callisto. Author: Lin Carter,Frank Frazetta, Description: nan. Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Science Fiction,Sword and Planet.
Title: Lapinvuokko. Author: Enni Mustonen, Description: Rovaniemeläinen Annikki Hallavaara on arvostetun metsänhoitajaperheen ainoa tytär. Hän painaa valkolakin päähänsä keväällä 1939, mutta huoleton ylioppilaskesä päättyy pian sodan kurimukseen. ,Annikin valkolakki vaihtuu morsiushuntuun ja vähän myöhemmin jo suruharsoon. Jatkosodan alkaessa saksalaiset saapuvat Rovaniemelle, ja kielitaitoinen nuori nainen ajautuu 20. vuoristoarmeijan esikuntaan sihteerin ja tulkin tehtäviin – kohtalokkain seurauksin. ,Taitavana historian kuvaajana tunnettu, rakastettu viihdekirjailija Enni Mustonen on tarttunut harvoin kuvattuun aiheeseen: Lapin sotaan ja sen vaikutuksiin naisten ja lasten elämässä. Pohjatuulen tarinoita kasvaa kolmiosaiseksi romaanisarjaksi.. Genre: Romance,Historical,Historical Fiction,European Literature,Finnish Literature,Fiction,Historical.
Title: Conservation and Globalization: A Study of National Parks and Indigenous Communities from East Africa to South Dakota. Author: Jim Igoe, Description: CONSERVATION AND GLOBALIZATION opens with a discussion of these two broad issues as they relate to the author's fieldwork with Maasai herding communities on the margins of Tarangire National Park in Tanzania. It explores different theoretical perspectives (Neo-Marxist and Foucauldian) on globalization and why both are relevant to the case studies presented. Readers are introduced to the practice of multi-sited ethnography and its centrality to the anthropological study of globalization. While drawing on examples from specific Maasai communities, the book is more broadly concerned with the historical and contemporary links between these communities and a global system of institutions, ideas, and money. The ecological incompatibility of Western national park-style conservation with East African savanna ecosystems and Maasai resource management practices, are highlighted. The concept of national parks is traced temporally and geographically from Maasai communities to the enclosure movement in 18th century England and westward expansion in 19th century North America. The relationships of parks to Judeo-Christian assumptions about "man's place in nature," colonial ideologies like Manifest Destiny and the Civilizing Mission, and capitalist notions of private property and "The Tragedy of the Commons," are explored. The book also looks at the latest conservation paradigm of "Community-Based Conservation," and explores its connections to the Soviet Collapse, economic and political liberalization, and the global proliferation of NGOs.. Genre: Nonfiction,Anthropology.
Title: Exploring Japaneseness: On Japanese Enactments Of Culture And Consciousness. Author: Ray T. Donahue, Description: Today, the Japanese nation faces an identity crisis as it attempts to contend with the misfortunes endured in the 1990s: a downward economic spiral, a renewed crime wave, political corruption, and the failure of the government to take bold, new steps in response. ,Exploring Japaneseness,, a collection of new essays from many of the leading scholars and researchers in Japanese studies, including specialists in communication, linguistics, anthropology, psychology, and others, attempts to address the current state of what it means to be Japanese. The central questions of this volume are those that the nation of Japan is itself considering as it begins the third millennium; ,Exploring Japaneseness, provides a multidisciplinary perspective on what some of the answers might be.,Suitable for the informed layman and the specialist alike, the collection deals with such varied subjects as language, nationalism, rhetoric, and mass media, laying a foundation for inquiries into Japanese national and cultural identities by examining aspects of Japaneseness as enacted through everyday discourse or communication. By exploring the culture from the inside out, these esteemed scholars provide an expansive portrait of a complex and ever-evolving nation.. Genre: Cultural,Japan.
Title: Defeat Is the Only Bad News: Rwanda under Musinga, 1896–1931. Author: Alison Liebhafsky Des Forges,David Newbury,Roger V. Des Forges, Description: A Rwandan proverb says “Defeat is the only bad news.” For Rwandans living under colonial rule, winning called not only for armed confrontation, but also for a battle of wits—and not only with foreigners, but also with each other. In ,Defeat Is the Only Bad News, Alison Des Forges recounts the ambitions, strategies, and intrigues of an African royal court under Yuhi Musinga, the Rwandan ruler from 1896 to 1931. These were turbulent years for Rwanda, when first Germany and then Belgium pursued an aggressive plan of colonization there. At the time of the Europeans’ arrival, Rwanda was also engaged in a succession dispute after the death of one of its most famous kings. Against this backdrop, the Rwandan court became the stage for a drama of Shakespearean proportions, filled with deceit, shrewd calculation, ruthless betrayal, and sometimes murder.,            Historians who study European expansion typically focus on interactions between colonizers and colonized; they rarely attend to relations among the different factions inhabiting occupied lands. Des Forges, drawing on oral histories and extensive archival research, reveals how divisions among different groups in Rwanda shaped their responses to colonial governments, missionaries, and traders. Rwandans, she shows, used European resources to extend their power, even as they sought to preserve the autonomy of the royal court. Europeans, for their part, seized on internal divisions to advance their own goals. Des Forges’s vividly narrated history, meticulously edited and introduced by David Newbury, provides a deep context for understanding the Rwandan civil war a century later., . Genre: nan.
Title: The Fool's Journey: the History, Art, & Symbolism of the Tarot. Author: Robert M. Place, Description: This is one of the best resources for understanding the Tarot's mystical symbolism. It includes an updated history based on Place's ,The Tarot: History Symbolism and Divination,, which Booklist said "may be the best book ever written on ...the tarot." ,This edition adds color illustrations of key works and comparative illustrations from the Renaissance, from alchemical texts, from ancient Egypt, and from occult sources. It views the Tarot as a 500-year visual conversation between artists, mystics, and occultists. ,The work is based on the 2010 Tarot exhibition at the LA Craft and Folk Art Museum, curated by Place, and includes the Visconti-Sforza Tarot, the 1st Italian printed deck, the oldest Tarot of Marseille, The 1st occult reference, the 1st occult Tarot, the 1st modern Tarot, the 1st New Age Tarot, and examples from popular modern decks including the Twilight Tarot, the Legacy Tarot, the Deviant Moon Tarot, the Annotated Tarot of the Sevenfold Mystery, and Place's Alchemical Tarot.. Genre: Occult,Tarot.
Title: Remembering the Kana. Author: James W. Heisig, Description: This book will help you teach yourself the writing and reading of all 46 characters each of Japanese hiragana and katakana syllabary from memory. By making use of a method of "imaginative memory," introduced in this book, you will be saved from the order of repetition. Following the method, you will be able to write and read all Japanese Kana in three hours and retain them by means of the incredible mnemonic methods. Instructions at the bottom of each page will ask you to skip backwards and forwards through the book, following the best "learning order." The lessons will guide you step by step through this process. As an added bonus, the book includes a supplement on "Learning How to Remember.". Genre: Asian Literature,Japanese Literature,Humanities,Language,Nonfiction,Reference,Cultural,Japan.
Title: Lady Lavender. Author: Lynna Banning, Description: WOUNDED SOLDIER, HEALING WIDOW ...,Widow Jeanne Nicolet's beautiful lavender fields are threatened by the advancing railroad. With her livelihood in danger, Jeanne will fight to protect her, and her little daughter's, future.,Constantly on the move, surveying the land, suits Colonel Washington Halliday just fine. He can escape the haunting memories of war that have left his emotions as damaged as his injured body.,Under the sultry heat of the Western sun, the scent of the purple fields is heady, but not as intoxicating as the lavender lady herself .... Genre: Romance,Historical Romance,Category Romance,Harlequin,Westerns,Harlequin,Harlequin Historical,Historical,Romance.
Title: The Best of Omni Science Fiction No. 2. Author: Ben Bova,Robert Silverberg,George R.R. Martin,Orson Scott Card,Arthur C. Clarke,Suzy McKee Charnas,Robert Sheckley,Theodore Sturgeon,Thomas  Sullivan,Don Myrus, Description: 1981 The Best of OMNI Science Fiction No. 2 COLLECTOR'S EDITION (Paperback), featuring: First Publication of Robert Silverberg's Novella "Waiting for the Earthquake;" A Hugo Award-Winner by George R.R. Martin Plus: Orson Scott Card, Arthur C. Clarke, Suzy McKee Charnas, Robert Sheckley and Theodore Sturgeon Edited by Ben Bova and Don Myrus,The Mickey Mouse Olympics by Thomas Sullivan. Genre: nan.
Title: The Best of the Nebulas. Author: Ben Bova,Samuel R. Delany,Harlan Ellison,Ursula K. Le Guin,Fritz Leiber,George R.R. Martin,Anne McCaffrey,Vonda N. McIntyre,Michael Moorcock,Joanna Russ,Robert Silverberg,Clifford D. Simak,Theodore Sturgeon,James Tiptree Jr.,John Varley,Roger Zelazny, Description: The Nebula - the most prestigious award in the science fiction field - is presented each year by science fiction authors to their colleagues for the best work in that year.The Nebula Award has been given for twenty-five years. To honor its silver anniversary, Tor is proud to present ,THE BEST OF THE NEBULAS,. Includes complete lists of twenty-five years of Nebula winners AND brand-new introductions by the authors of the chosen stories.,Contains the best SF stories published between 1965 and 1985.,- The Doors of His Face, the Lamps of His Mouth (1965) novelette by Roger Zelazny,- "Repent, Harlequin!" Said the Ticktockman (1965) shortstory by Harlan Ellison,- He Who Shapes (1965) novella by Roger Zelazny,- Aye, and Gomorrah ... (1967) shortstory by Samuel R. Delany,- Passengers (1968) shortstory by Robert Silverberg,- Behold the Man (1966) novella by Michael Moorcock,- When It Changed (1972) shortstory by Joanna Russ,- Gonna Roll the Bones (1967) novelette by Fritz Leiber,- Dragonrider (1967) novella by Anne McCaffrey,- Love Is the Plan the Plan Is Death (1973) shortstory by James Tiptree, Jr.,- Time Considered as a Helix of Semi-Precious Stones (1968) novelette by Samuel R. Delany,- A Boy and His Dog (1969) novella by Harlan Ellison,- The Day Before the Revolution (1974) shortstory by Ursula K. Le Guin,- Slow Sculpture (1970) novelette by Theodore Sturgeon,- Houston, Houston, Do You Read? (1976) novella by James Tiptree, Jr.,- Catch That Zeppelin! (1975) shortstory by Fritz Leiber,- Of Mist, and Grass, and Sand (1973) novelette by Vonda N. McIntyre,- The Persistence of Vision (1978) novella by John Varley,- Grotto of the Dancing Deer (1980) shortstory by Clifford D. Simak,- Sandkings (1979) novelette by George R. R. Martin,- Jeffty Is Five (1977) shortstory by Harlan Ellison. Genre: Science Fiction,Anthologies,Short Stories,Short Stories,Short Story Collection,Fiction.
Title: Cowboy Fever. Author: Joanne Kennedy, Description: "She thought she had it all...", A modeling contract with Wrangler got this Miss Rodeo Wyoming a first-class ticket out of town, but somewhere along the way Jodi Brand lost her soul. When she gets back to her hometown, her childhood friend Teague Treadwell's rugged cowboy charm hits her like a ton of bricks... , "He believed he wasn't good enough...", Teague is convinced Jodi's success lifted her out of his reach. Now he's got to shed his bad boy image to be worthy of the girl next door... , But whoever heard of a beauty queen settling for a down and dirty cowboy.... Genre: Romance,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Westerns,Romance,Western Romance,Contemporary,Fiction,Adult,Animals,Horses.
Title: The Great Race. Author: Kevin O'Malley, Description: Nate Tortoise is tired of living in the shadow of Lever Lapin. He can't go anywhere or do anything without hearing about the great exploits of that pesky hare. And Lever's head has grown to match the size of his entourage. It isn't until Nate challenges Lever to a race that this hare is put in his place . . . giving new meaning to the phrase "slow and steady wins the race." Kevin O'Malley fans will cheer all the way to the finish line for this clever twist on the beloved fable.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Childrens,Storytime,Humor,Animals,Folk Tales,Fables,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Folklore,Fiction.
Title: A History of Anthropological Theory. Author: Paul A. Erickson,Liam D. Murphy, Description: This overview of the history of anthropological theory provides a comprehensive history from antiquity through to the twenty-first century, with a focus on the twentieth century and beyond. Unlike other volumes, it also offers a four-field introduction to theory. As a stand-alone text, or used in conjunction with the companion volume "Readings for a History of Anthropological Theory," Erickson and Murphy offer a comprehensive, affordable, and contemporary introduction to anthropological theory.,The third edition has been updated and fully revised throughout to closely parallel the presentation in the companion reader, making it easier to use both books in tandem. New original essays by contemporary theorists bring theories to life, and portraits of important theorists make it a handsome volume. Sources and suggested readings have been updated, and glossary definitions have been updated, streamlined, and standardized.. Genre: Anthropology,Nonfiction,History,Academic,Read For School,Academic,College,Academic,School,Reference,Research,Reference.
Title: Indigenism: Ethnic Politics In Brazil. Author: Alcida Rita Ramos, Description: Indigenous people comprise only 0.2% of Brazil's population, yet occupy a prominent role in the nation's consciousness. In her important and passionate new book, anthropologist Alcida Ramos explains this irony, exploring Indian and non-Indian attitudes about interethnic relations. Ramos contends that imagery about indigenous people reflects an ambivalence Brazil has about itself as a nation, for Indians reveal Brazilians’ contradiction between their pride in ethnic pluralism and desire for national homogeneity.,    Based on her more than thirty years of fieldwork and activism on behalf of the Yanomami Indians, Ramos explains the complex ideology called indigenism. She evaluates its meaning through the relations of Brazilian Indians with religious and lay institutions, non-governmental organizations, official agencies such as the National Indian Foundation as well as the very discipline of anthropology. Ramos not only examines the imagery created by Brazilians of European descent—members of the Catholic church, government officials, the army and the state agency for Indian affairs—she also scrutinizes Indians' own self portrayals used in defending their ethnic rights against the Brazilian state. ,    Ramos’ thoughtful and complete analysis of the relation between indigenous people of Brazil and the state will be of great interest to lawmakers and political theorists, environmental and civil rights activists, developmental specialists and policymakers, and those concerned with human rights in Latin America.. Genre: Cultural,Brazil.
Title: Buddhism and Jungian Psychology. Author: J. Marvin Spiegelman, Description: An exploration of the relationships between Jungian Psychology and Buddhism with a special section on the famous oxherding pictures. Essential reading for all interested in either Buddhism or Jungian Psychology.. Genre: Psychology,Religion,Buddhism,Nonfiction,Spirituality.
Title: Everyone's Man. Author: Edward Kendrick, Description: Colin Wilcox, a male whore who only takes clients of the same sex, is gang-raped while on the job. Needing medical attention he's taken the local ER and meets Dr. Rivers. Reoccurring flashbacks provide small images of his brutal rape and he’s forced by Detective Keyes to handle the emotional fallout of being victimized.,Detective Keyes, a rape victim himself, is assigned to solve the crime. When a second boy is gang-raped, he needs Colin‘s help to catch the perpetrators. He tries to use his own personal experience and attempts to help Colin understand he’s not to blame. A slow but sure friendship unfolds between the two men that turns into love, stunted by the traumatic event. With the perps in custody and Colin able to move forward, the next battle is underway. He must learn to lower the barrier that will allow him to let another in for mental and physical support. Only then will the two lovers be able to consummate their tender passion.. Genre: Romance,M M Romance,Contemporary,Sociology,Abuse,LGBT,Gay,M M Romance,M M Contemporary,Romance,LGBT,Dark.
Title: Gooble, Gobble, One of Us. Author: Charles Edgar Quinn, Description: A date goes wrong, a vampire hunter and a case of mistaken identity. A man is driven to hunt down and destroy the undead. But when his mission becomes an obsession things can only go from bad to worse...but how much worse?,This is a short story.. Genre: nan.
Title: Christian Dior. Author: Marie France Pochna, Description: Christian Dior, the legendary French fashion designer, caused a worldwide sensation in 1947, in a Paris still groping to recover from the devastation of wartime occupation. This title recreates this one-of-a-kind world of glamour and luxury and situates Dior's fairy-tale career in the tapestry of Paris cultural life.. Genre: Couture,Fashion,Biography.
Title: Little Wizard. Author: Kazuno Kohara, Description: If only he could fly . . . Poor Little Wizard. He's the only one who can't fly, and none of the other wizards will be his friend. But after he meets a dragon in the woods he discovers that friendship can be found in the most surprising of places, and that anything is possible if you believe in yourself. A touching story about the power of friendship and self-belief from the CILIP Kate Greenaway-nominated creator of The Haunted House and Jack Frost.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Fantasy,Childrens,Holiday,Halloween,Fantasy,Dragons,Fiction,Paranormal,Wizards,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: The Second Day at Gettysburg: The Attack and Defense of Cemetery Ridge, July 2, 1863. Author: David Shultz,David Wieck, Description: So much has been written about Gettysburg, goes the well-worn cliche, that there is nothing new left to write. ,The Second Day at Gettysburg: The Attack and Defense of Cemetery Ridge, July 2, 1863,, by David L. Shultz and Scott L. Mingus Sr. aptly demonstrates that there is indeed still much to learn about the war's largest and bloodiest battle.,Based upon a faulty early-morning reconnaissance, General Robert E. Lee decided to attack up the Emmitsburg Road in an effort to collapse the left flank of General George Meade's Army of the Potomac and decisively defeat it. The effort got underway when General James Longstreet's First Corps troops crushed General Sickles' Peach Orchard salient and turned north and east to drive deeply into the Union rear. A third Confederate division under Richard Anderson, part of A. P. Hill's Third Corps, joined in the attack, slamming one brigade after another into the overstretched Union line stitched northward along the Emmitsburg Road. The bloody fighting stair-stepped its way up Cemetery Ridge, tearing open a large gap in the center of the Federal line that threatened to split the Union army in two. The fate of the Battle of Gettysburg hung in the balance.,Despite the importance of the position, surprisingly few Union troops were available to defend the yawning gap on the ridge. Major General Winfield S. Hancock's Second Corps had been reduced to less than one division when his other two were sucked southward to reinforce the collapsing Third Corps front. Reprising Horatio at the Bridge, the gallant commander cobbled together a wide variety of infantry and artillery commands and threw them into the action, refusing to yield even one acre of ground. The long and intense fighting included hand-to-hand combat and the personal heroics of which legends are made.,Veteran Gettysburg authors Shultz and Mingus merge their subject matter expertise and keen understanding of the complex undulating terrain and physical features to produce the most detailed study of this action ever written. In addition to demonstrating how the fighting on the far Union left directly affected the combat to come in the center of General Meade's line, the authors also address some of the most commonly overlooked aspects of the fighting: what routes did some of the key units take to reach the front? What could the commanders actually see, and when could they see it? How did the fences, roads, farms, trees, ravines, creeks, and others obstacles directly affect tactical decisions, and ultimately the battle itself? ,Based upon extensive research and graced with dozens of photographs and detailed original maps, The Second Day at Gettysburg offers a balanced, compelling, and ultimately satisfying account of one of the most overlooked and yet important aspects of the defining battle of the American Civil War.. Genre: Military History,Civil War,American Civil War,Civil War Eastern Theater,American History,American Civil War.
Title: The Road to Social Work & Human Service Practice. Author: Lesley Chenoweth, Description: The Road to Social Work and Human Service Practice explores key elements of social work and social welfare practice as they are taught and practised internationally while positioning students in a local context. A well-paced, detailed orientation to the field, it uses the metaphor of a journey to expertly guide the reader through their transition from student to practitioner.,Strengthened by a comprehensive revision, this second edition includes a new chapter on working in human service organisations and discusses recent changed to policy, legislation and practice registration.. Genre: Textbooks,Social Science,Social Work,Education,Nonfiction.
Title: Born in a Small Town: John Mellencamp. Author: Heather   Johnson, Description: John Mellencamp is a passionate musician and a tireless campaigner for the lifestyle and values of the American family farmer. 'Born in a Small Town' features interviews with everyone from childhood friends to band members, producers and engineers, describing the real John Mellencamp.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 15: 1979-1980. Author: Charles M. Schulz,Al Roker, Description: Charles Schulz enters his fourth decade as the greatest cartoonist of his generation, and ,Peanuts, remains as fresh and lively as it ever was.,(How do we know it’s 1980? Well, for one thing Peppermint Patty gets herself those Bo-Derek-in-,10, cornrows — ,Peanuts,’ timelessness occasionally shows a crack!),That said, ,The Complete Peanuts 1979-1980, includes a number of classic storylines, including the month-long sequence in which an ill Charlie Brown is hospitalized (including a particularly spooky moment when he wonders if he’s died and nobody’s told him yet), and an especially eventful trek with Snoopy, Woodstock, and the scout troop (now including a little girl bird, Harriet). And Snoopy is still trying on identities left and right, including the “world-famous surveyor,” the “world-famous census taker,” and Blackjack Snoopy, the riverboat gambler.,In other extended stories, Snoopy launches an ill-fated airline (with Lucy as the agent, Linus as the luggage handler, and Marcie as what it was still OK then to call the stewardess)… Peppermint Patty responds to being leaked upon by a ceiling by hiring a lawyer (unfortunately, she again picks Snoopy)… plus one of the great, forgotten romances of ,Peanuts, that will startle even long-time Peanuts connoisseurs: Peppermint Patty and…,“Pig-Pen”,?!. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Humor,Sequential Art,Comic Strips,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Comics,Comic Book,Graphic Novels Comics,The United States Of America,Literature,American,Fiction,Sequential Art,Bande Dessinée.
Title: Genetic Attraction. Author: Tara Lain, Description: Erotic romance -- M/M/F menage,At a conservative Long Island university, Dr. Emmaline Silvay has two great loves -- her life-saving work and her younger research associate. But this love is impossible. After all, she's his boss and he lives with his girlfriend. But his "girlfriend" turns out to be his boyfriend, a gentle and beautiful supermodel. Resigned to a platonic friendship, she accepts a weekend invitation, but the men have far more passionate ideas. They want her to "be a part of them". A three-way love defies propriety and the strict rules of her University. The supermodel's fame makes secrecy impossible. The menage threatens her carefully constructed world. Something must be given up. Someone's heart will be broken.. Genre: Erotica,Menage,Menage,M M F,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Romance,M M Romance,Romance,Contemporary,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Romance,M F Romance,Menage,M F M,Adult.
Title: The Innovator's DNA: Mastering the Five Skills of Disruptive Innovators. Author: Jeffrey H. Dyer,Hal B. Gregersen,Clayton M. Christensen, Description: A new classic, cited by leaders and media around the globe as a highly recommended read for anyone interested in innovation.,In ,The Innovator’s DNA,, authors Jeffrey Dyer, Hal Gregersen, and bestselling author Clayton Christensen (,The Innovator’s Dilemma,, ,The Innovator’s Solution,, ,How Will You Measure Your Life?,) build on what we know about disruptive innovation to show how individuals can develop the skills necessary to move progressively from idea to impact.,By identifying behaviors of the world’s best innovators—from leaders at Amazon and Apple to those at Google, Skype, and Virgin Group—the authors outline five discovery skills that distinguish innovative entrepreneurs and executives from ordinary managers: Associating, Questioning, Observing, Networking, and Experimenting.,Once you master these competencies (the authors provide a self-assessment for rating your own innovator’s DNA), the authors explain how to generate ideas, collaborate to implement them, and build innovation skills throughout the organization to result in a competitive edge. This innovation advantage will translate into a premium in your company’s stock price—an innovation premium—which is possible only by building the code for innovation right into your organization’s people, processes, and guiding philosophies.,Practical and provocative, ,The Innovator’s DNA, is an essential resource for individuals and teams who want to strengthen their innovative prowess.. Genre: Business,Nonfiction,Business,Entrepreneurship,Business,Management,Leadership,Self Help,Education,Self Help,Personal Development,Science,Technology,Design.
Title: Rules of Civility. Author: Amor Towles, Description: This sophisticated and entertaining first novel presents the story of a young woman whose life is on the brink of transformation. On the last night of 1937, twenty-five-year-old Katey Kontent is in a second-rate Greenwich Village jazz bar when Tinker Grey, a handsome banker, happens to sit down at the neighboring table. This chance encounter and its startling consequences propel Katey on a year-long journey into the upper echelons of New York society—where she will have little to rely upon other than a bracing wit and her own brand of cool nerve. With its sparkling depiction of New York’s social strata, its intricate imagery and themes, and its immensely appealing characters, Rules of Civility won the hearts of readers and critics alike.. Genre: Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical,New York,Literary Fiction,Book Club,Audiobook,Adult Fiction,Adult,Novels.
Title: The Universe Parallel. Author: Traci Harding, Description: Taking risks is second nature to Taren, but this could be more than she can handle ...,Amidst a raging space-quake and shrouded by celestial mist, the lost world Maladaan appears in the Esh-mah star system hurtling towards the sun. Taren Lennox and Lucian Gervaise, floating adrift through space on AMIE, are rescued by the immortal psychics of a utopian planet. But their saviours believe Taren and Lucian to be incarnations of their great ancestors, come to help them remove this new, aggressive neighbour from their universe.,Aided by her new allies, Taren seeks to retrieve her lost memories from the Maladaan Secret Service′s memory banks - discovering the way to return Maladaan to its rightful universe and future lies ten years in her past .... Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Time Travel,Science Fiction,Fiction.
Title: To Broadway, to Life!: The Musical Theater of Bock and Harnick. Author: Philip Lambert, Description: In fourteen years of collaboration, composer Jerry Bock and lyricist Sheldon Harnick wrote seven of Broadway's most beloved and memorable musicals together, most famously ,Fiddler on the Roof, (1964), but also the enduring audience favorite ,She Loves Me, (1963), and the Pulitzer-Prize-winning ,Fiorello!, (1959). With their charm, humor, and boundless musical invention, their musicals have won eighteen Tony Awards and continue to capture the imaginations of millions around the world.,To Broadway, To Life!: The Musical Theater of Bock and Harnick ,is the first complete book about these creative figures, one of Broadway's most important songwriting teams. Drawing from extensive archival sources, and from personal interviews and communications with Bock and Harnick themselves and their most important collaborators, author Philip Lambert explores the essence of a Bock-Harnick show-how it is put together, and what makes it work. The book includes discussion of songs such as Sunrise, Sunset and If I Were a Rich Man that have long been favorites in the public consciousness, and it also explores a vast catalogue of lesser-known songs from their many other shows and works, including a musical puppet show on Broadway, music for the 1964 World's Fair, and a made-for-television musical. Here too is the first look at the little-known youthful professional beginnings of Bock and Harnick in revues and television shows and summer retreats in the 1950s, and the careers they have forged for themselves with new collaborators in the decades since their partnership dissolved in 1970.,The musicals of Bock and Harnick came at a transitional time in Broadway history, when the traditions of Rodgers and Hammerstein were starting to give way to the concept musical, the rock musical, and eventually the mega-musical. ,To Broadway, To Life! ,combines exhaustive research, close musical investigation, and interpretive critical analysis to place Bock and Harnick in the context of these times, and helps establish their place in the history of the American musical theater.. Genre: Plays,Theatre.
Title: New Towns for Old: Achievements in Civic Improvement in Some American Small Towns and Neighborhoods. Author: John Nolen,Charles D. Warren, Description: John Nolen (1869-1937) was a pioneer in the development of professional town and city planning in the United States. Nolen's comprehensive approach merged the social, economic, and physical aspects of planning while emphasizing, in the author's words, versatility, special knowledge, and cooperation. Between 1905 and 1937, Nolen's firm, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, completed more than 450 commissions throughout the United States. Among the best known of these is Mariemont, Ohio, whose development Nolen directed from the ground up. New Towns for Old (1927), long out of print and increasingly rare, is still of great interest to planners and urban historians. American urbanism and a concise discussion of Nolen's ideas for the improvement of towns and cities. Individual chapters examine a variety of new towns planned by Nolen including Mariemont, Ohio, Kingsport, Tennessee, and Kistler, Pennsylvania, as well as the new suburbs of Union Park Gardens in Wilmington, Delaware, and Myers Park in Charlotte, North Carolina. Re-planned towns of Cohasset and Walpole, Massachusetts, are also featured. The forward-looking final chapter includes material on Venice, Florida, one of Nolen's most ambitious projects. The new edition of New Towns for Old includes additional plans and illustrations, a new index, and a new introductory essay by Charles D. Warren which presents biographical and historical context that illuminates the diverse, productive career of this highly significant practitioner.. Genre: nan.
Title: Owner's Share. Author: Nathan Lowell, Description: Everything in the universe comes with a price. , ,When Diurnia Salvage and Transport undergoes a change in management, Captain Ishmael Horatio Wang finds himself adrift in a sea of red ink, and intrigue. He dives in only to find that he is over his head in a universe where cut-throat competition takes on an all new meaning. What tragic price will Captain Wang pay for his Owner’s Share?. Genre: Science Fiction,Space,Space Opera,Fiction,Audiobook,Space,Science Fiction Fantasy,Adventure,Suspense.
Title: The Collected Satan - Devilish Entertainment for Men. Author: Underworld Amusements, Description: This short-lived men's magazine from the 1950's pulled no punches in its presentation or subject matter. Featuring centerfolds Bettie (Betty) Page, Judy O'Day, Rita Dulase, Nona Van Tosh, Laura Raymond, Kim Athas. Tons of articles, cartoons and fashion spreads, all with a diabolical twist. This book contains the full 6 issue run of Satan magazine, save a few hundred dollars skipping the auction sites and rare book dealers and buy the set all at once.. Genre: nan.
Title: Greek Commentaries on Revelation. Author: Oecumenius,Andrew of Caesarea, Description: The Eastern church gives little evidence of particular interest in the book of Revelation. Oecumenius of Isauria's commentary on the book is the earliest full treatment in Greek and dates only from the early sixth century. Along with Oecumenius's commentary, only that of Andrew of Caesarea (dating from the same era and often summarizing Oecumenius before offering a contrary opinion) and that of Arethas of Caesarea four centuries later provide any significant commentary from within the Greek tradition. William Weinrich renders a particular service to readers interested in ancient commentary on the Apocalypse by translating in one volume the two early sixth-century commentaries. Because of the two interpreters' often differing understandings, readers are exposed not only to early dialogue on the meaning and significance of the book for the faith and life of the church, but also to breadth of interpretation within the unity of the faith the two shared.. Genre: Christianity,New Testament.
Title: Slow Sex: The Art and Craft of the Female Orgasm. Author: Nicole Daedone, Description: The truth is: Most women do not have satisfying sex lives. ,Slow Sex, can change that., Better sex is about one thing: better orgasm. This life-altering guide teaches men and women how to use the practice of Orgasmic Meditation-or OM-to slow down, connect emotionally, and achieve authentic female sexual satisfaction. The promise: In just fifteen minutes every woman can become orgasmic. And, with the right partner and the right technique, that orgasm could last and last!, For more than a decade, Nicole Daedone has been leading the "slow sex movement," which is devoted to the art and craft of the female orgasm. OM is the act of slowing down, tuning in, and experiencing a deeper spiritual and physical connection during sex. Slow Sex reveals the philosophy and techniques of OM and includes a step-by-step, ten-day OM starter program, as well as OM secrets for achieving ultimate satisfaction. It also includes exercises to help enhance readers' "regular" sex lives, such as Slow Oral for Her, Slow Oral for Him, and Slow Intercourse., This book is the argument for daily intimacy, and for paying attention as the foundation of pleasure, all with a focus on the female experience.. Genre: Sexuality,Nonfiction,Health,Self Help,Relationships,Womens,Self Help,Personal Development,Psychology,Feminism,Love.
Title: Esoterra - The Journal of Extreme Culture. Author: Chad Hensley, Description: ESOTERRA was an underground magazine focusing on extreme culture, published for almost a decade. The zine featured interviews with musicians, writers, and artists beside articles on fortean subjects, bizarre phenomena, and the occult. ,Some of the diverse personalities who appeared in the magazine include Marilyn Manson, H.R. Giger, Alan Moore, Adam Parfrey, Genesis P-Orridge, David Tibet, Thomas Ligotti, Leilah Wendell, Stephen O'Malley, Masami Akita, and dozens of other dark luminaries who, in many cases, were both the subject of an in-depth interview and contributor to the magazine. ,ESOTERRA the book collects these and the other best interviews, articles, and art from the magazine into a single high quality volume, including material from the unpublished final issue.,“Chad Hensley's magical magazine, EsoTerra, brought together rock stars ,and demons and scary visionary thinkers. It pulled no punches, ,presenting provocative glimpses into a new and improved consciousness. ,EsoTerra was like the Bible of Extreme Culture!”,–George Petros, author of Art That Kills,“EsoTerra discovers that realm where pop culture collides with the occult.” ,–Adam Parfrey, Feral House. Genre: Cultural,Counter Culture,Nonfiction,Art.
Title: In the Line of Fire (Uniformly Hot!, #15). Author: Jennifer LaBrecque, Description: Subject: Colton Sawyer, Army Officer.Current Status: Home on leave. About to engage in a battle for his heart.,Mission: Keep his honor intact.,Obstacle: Runaway bride--and first love --Andi Mitchell.,Colton respects one creed: Duty and honor above all. So he's torn when sweet, sexy Andi asks his help in fleeing from her intended groom. But her big, brown-eyed plea is so convincing...,Unfortunately, Andi is his best friend's little sister. Translation? Hands off, soldier But that's a damn hard thing to do. Because this sexy, utterly absorbing woman is the only one he wants--the one he's "always" wanted. How can he possibly resist her when they're sharing hotel rooms...and their bodies?,Battle zones are nothing compared to this. Colton's heart is directly in the line of fire. So what else can he do but launch a counterattack...a purely physical one? Because if you can't beat 'em.... Genre: Harlequin,Harlequin Blaze,Romance,Contemporary,Category Romance,Harlequin,Romance,Contemporary Romance,War,Military Fiction,Romance,M F Romance.
Title: Valentin. Author: Yves Pelletier,Pascal Girard, Description: Une petite ville, une rue paisible; des enfants qui jouent au hockey, un chien qui essaie d’attraper la balle. De la fenêtre de sa cuisine, Stéphanie, 34 ans, vêtue d’un pantalon de jogging et d’un tee-shirt, observe les enfants qui jouent tout en finissant de préparer un copieux déjeuner. La mine rêveuse, elle sourit tristement: son chum, allergique aux chats, l’a mise au défi... Stéphanie choisira-t-elle le chat?. Genre: Sequential Art,Bande Dessinée,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Graphic Novels Comics,Fiction,Comics,Comic Book,Romance,Animals,Sequential Art,Comix,Realistic Fiction,Slice Of Life.
Title: Философия свободы. Author: Nikolai A. Berdyaev,Николай Бердяев, Description: ? Zaglavie etoj knigi trebuet razyasneniya. Filosofiya svobody ne oznachaet zdes issledovaniya problemy svobody kak odnoj iz problem filosofii, svoboda ne oznachaet zdes obekta. Filosofiya svobody znachit zdes - filosofiya svobodnyx, filosofiya, isxodyashhaya iz svobody, v protivopolozhnost filosofii rabov ?. Genre: Philosophy.
Title: Classical Deception. Author: Wayne G. Sayles, Description: Designed to save collectors money and frustration, this guide takes an objective and candid look at the history of falsifying ancient coins, tracing the careers of well-known forgers and discussing the most prolific fakes in existence. Topics include manufacturing techniques and detection methods.. Genre: nan.
Title: How to Lie with Maps. Author: Mark Monmonier, Description: Originally published to wide acclaim, this lively, cleverly illustrated essay on the use and abuse of maps teaches us how to evaluate maps critically and promotes a healthy skepticism about these easy-to-manipulate models of reality. Monmonier shows that, despite their immense value, maps lie. In fact, they must.,The second edition is updated with the addition of two new chapters, 10 color plates, and a new foreword by renowned geographer H. J. de Blij. One new chapter examines the role of national interest and cultural values in national mapping organizations, including the United States Geological Survey, while the other explores the new breed of multimedia, computer-based maps.,To show how maps distort, Monmonier introduces basic principles of mapmaking, gives entertaining examples of the misuse of maps in situations from zoning disputes to census reports, and covers all the typical kinds of distortions from deliberate oversimplifications to the misleading use of color.,"Professor Monmonier himself knows how to gain our attention; it is not in fact the lies in maps but their truth, if always approximate and incomplete, that he wants us to admire and use, even to draw for ourselves on the facile screen. His is an artful and funny book, which like any good map, packs plenty in little space."—,Scientific American,"A useful guide to a subject most people probably take too much for granted. It shows how map makers translate abstract data into eye-catching cartograms, as they are called. It combats cartographic illiteracy. It fights cartophobia. It may even teach you to find your way. For that alone, it seems worthwhile."—Christopher Lehmann-Haupt, ,The New York Times,". . . witty examination of how and why maps lie. [The book] conveys an important message about how statistics of any kind can be manipulated. But it also communicates much of the challenge, aesthetic appeal, and sheer fun of maps. Even those who hated geography in grammar school might well find a new enthusiasm for the subject after reading Monmonier's lively and surprising book."—,Wilson Library Bulletin,"A reading of this book will leave you much better defended against cheap atlases, shoddy journalism, unscrupulous advertisers, predatory special-interest groups, and others who may use or abuse maps at your expense."—John Van Pelt, ,Christian Science Monitor,"Monmonier meets his goal admirably. . . . [His] book should be put on every map user's 'must read' list. It is informative and readable . . . a big step forward in helping us to understand how maps can mislead their readers."—Jeffrey S. Murray, ,Canadian Geographic. Genre: Nonfiction,Science,Geography,Cartography,Maps,Geography,Cartography,Science,History,Reference,Design,Politics,Academic,School.
Title: Fatal Invention: How Science, Politics, and Big Business Re-create Race in the Twenty-First Century. Author: Dorothy Roberts, Description: A decade after the Human Genome Project proved that human beings are not naturally divided by race, the emerging fields of personalized medicine, reproductive technologies, genetic genealogy, and DNA databanks are attempting to resuscitate race as a biological category written in our genes. In this provocative analysis, leading legal scholar and social critic Dorothy Roberts argues that America is once again at the brink of a virulent outbreak of classifying population by race. By searching for differences at the molecular level, a new race-based science is obscuring racism in our society and legitimizing state brutality against communities of color at a time when America claims to be post-racial.,Moving from an account of the evolution of race—proving that it has always been a mutable and socially defined political division supported by mainstream science—Roberts delves deep into the current debates, interrogating the newest science and biotechnology, interviewing its researchers, and exposing the political consequences obscured by the focus on genetic difference. ,Fatal Invention, is a provocative call for us to affirm our common humanity.. Genre: Nonfiction,Race,Science,Race,Anti Racist,Politics,Social Movements,Social Justice,History,Sociology,Health,Medicine,Economics.
Title: Ways of Forgetting, Ways of Remembering: Japan in the Modern World. Author: John W. Dower, Description: Remembering and reconstructing the past inevitably involves forgetting—and nowhere more so than in the complex relationship between the United States and Japan since the end of World War II. In this provocative and probing series of essays, John W. Dower—one of our leading historians of postwar Japan and author of the Pulitzer Prize–winning ,Embracing Defeat,—explores the uses and abuses to which this history has been subjected and, with deliberation and insight, affirms the urgent need for scholars to ask the questions that are not being asked.,Taking as a starting point the work of E.H. Norman, the unjustly neglected historian of prewar Japan, ,Ways of Forgetting, Ways of Remembering, sets out both to challenge historiographical orthodoxy and reveal the configurations of power inherent in scholarly and popular discourse in Japan and America. Dower’s fascination with capturing popular experience leads to sources as far ranging as textiles adorned with wartime propaganda and the satirical cartoon panels that decorate traditional karuta playing cards. Dower, who is rightly known as one of the most perceptive critics of American foreign policy, also offers a blistering critique of the U.S. occupation of Iraq and the misuse of postwar Japan as an example of success.,Ways of Forgetting, Ways of Remembering, is a profound look at American and Japanese perceptions—past and present—of key moments in their shared history. An incisive investigation of the problems of public history and its role in a modern democracy, these essays are essential reading for anyone interested in postwar U.S.-Japan relations, as well as the broader discipline of history.. Genre: Cultural,Japan,History,Nonfiction,Writing,Essays,Cultural,Asia,Politics,History,Japanese History,War,World War II,Literature,Asian Literature.
Title: The Language of Confession, Interrogation, and Deception. Author: Roger W. Shuy, Description: From a linguistic perspective, this book is a practical explanation of how confessions work. Roger Shuy, author of the 1993 benchmark work, ,Language Crimes,, examines criminal confessions, the interrogations that elicit confessions, and the deceptive language that plays a role in the actual confession. He presents transcripts from numerous interrogations and analyzes how language is used, how constitutional rights are not protected, and discusses consistency, truthfulness, suggestibility, and written and unvalidated confessions. He also provides specific advice about how to conduct interrogations that will yield credible evidence.. Genre: Humanities,Linguistics.
Title: The Red Hot Chili Peppers: An Oral/Visual History. Author: The Red Hot Chili Peppers, Description: This is the book fans have been waiting for since ,Mother’s Milk ,and ,Blood Sugar Sex Magik ,first hit the charts: The first (and only!) official Red Hot Chili Peppers story—an oral and visual autobiography from one of the world’s greatest rock groups. Together, Anthony Kiedis, John Frusciante, Flea, and Chad Smith tell the 61-million-album selling band’s rollercoaster story, with anecdotes of their concert tours and creative collaborations, memories of surprise successes and dark battles with drug addiction, revelations about their personalities and feelings, and admissions about their lives outside the band. With hundreds of photographs, poster images, ticket stubs, and other RHCP memorabilia, this is a must-have for any die-hard fan.. Genre: Music,Nonfiction,Biography,Autobiography,Memoir,Biography,Autobiography,Art,Photography.
Title: Uncle John's Bathroom Reader Tunes into TV. Author: Bathroom Readers' Institute, Description: Uncle John channel-surfs through America’s favorite pastime: television.,What does Homer Simpson call “friend…mother…secret lover?” Television, you meathead! Here comes your wacky neighbor Uncle John to present TV the way only he can. From test patterns to ,Top Chef,, from ,My Three Sons, to ,Mad Men,, as well as TV news, advertising, scandals, sitcoms, dramas, reality shows, and yadda yadda yadda, ,Uncle John's Bathroom Reader Tunes into TV, is “dy-no-mite!” Read about…, , , ,* Gilligan’s seven deadly sins,* The inside story of TV’s first commercial,* What goes on behind the scenes of ,Jeopardy,!,* The most incredibly bizarre shows from around the world,* Why Gene Roddenberry tried to beam the original ,Star Trek, cast into space,* What reality show producers don’t want you to know,* How the King of Late Night crushed his competition,* What really went down on the island of ,LOST,* Unexpected sitcom fatalities,* TV’s greatest chimps,And much, much more!. Genre: Nonfiction,Reference,Trivia,Media Tie In,Tv,Culture,Pop Culture,Humor,History.
Title: Principles of Html, Xhtml, and DHTML: The Web Technologies Series. Author: Don Gosselin, Description: This text gives equal treatment to both HTML and XHTML, covering all new HTML 5 features while highlighting the differences between the languages. The book will also include enhanced coverage of DHTML, as HTML, X/HTML, and DHTML are commonly taught in the same course. Each chapter provides clear, non-technical explanations of the important concepts and techniques of a particular language or tool. The focus, however, is on learning-by-doing as students complete typical Web authoring tasks, such as adding tables to Web pages.. Genre: nan.
Title: And I Don't Want to Live This Life: A Mother's Story of Her Daughter's Murder. Author: Deborah Spungen, Description: For most of us, it was just another horrible headline. But for Deborah Spungen, the mother of Nancy, who was stabbed to death at the Chelsea Hotel, it was both a relief and a tragedy. Here is the incredible story of an infant who never stopped screaming, a toddler who attacked people, a teenager addicted to drugs, violence, and easy sex, a daughter completely out of control--who almost destroyed her parents' marriage and the happiness of the rest of her family.. Genre: Nonfiction,Biography,Crime,True Crime,Music,Autobiography,Memoir,Biography Memoir,Mystery,Crime,Mental Health,Mental Illness,Music,Punk,Biography,Autobiography.
Title: Why Civil Resistance Works: The Strategic Logic of Nonviolent Conflict. Author: Erica Chenoweth,Maria J. Stephan, Description: For more than a century, from 1900 to 2006, campaigns of nonviolent resistance were more than twice as effective as their violent counterparts in achieving their stated goals. By attracting impressive support from citizens, whose activism takes the form of protests, boycotts, civil disobedience, and other forms of nonviolent noncooperation, these efforts help separate regimes from their main sources of power and produce remarkable results, even in Iran, Burma, the Philippines, and the Palestinian Territories.,Combining statistical analysis with case studies of specific countries and territories, Erica Chenoweth and Maria J. Stephan detail the factors enabling such campaigns to succeed and, sometimes, causing them to fail. They find that nonviolent resistance presents fewer obstacles to moral and physical involvement and commitment, and that higher levels of participation contribute to enhanced resilience, greater opportunities for tactical innovation and civic disruption (and therefore less incentive for a regime to maintain its status quo), and shifts in loyalty among opponents' erstwhile supporters, including members of the military establishment.,Chenoweth and Stephan conclude that successful nonviolent resistance ushers in more durable and internally peaceful democracies, which are less likely to regress into civil war. Presenting a rich, evidentiary argument, they originally and systematically compare violent and nonviolent outcomes in different historical periods and geographical contexts, debunking the myth that violence occurs because of structural and environmental factors and that it is necessary to achieve certain political goals. Instead, the authors discover, violent insurgency is rarely justifiable on strategic grounds.. Genre: Politics,Nonfiction,History,Social Issues,Activism,Politics,Political Science,Sociology,Social Movements,Social Justice,Social Justice,Social Change,Social Science,Academic.
Title: Gakuen Heaven. Author: You Higuri,Spray, Description: Keita Itou--a boy with no special qualities other than superb luck--suddenly receives an acceptance letter from the prestegious all-boys Bell Liberty Academy. There to welcome him are the two most powerful students on campus, the King and Queen of of BL Academy, Niwa and Saionji.Keita works to discover the reasons behind his invitation to such a remarkable school, struggles to find his niche among such brilliant and beautiful young men, and attempts to win the school-wide contest that will grant him his greatest wish! With all the obstacles in his way, including his own self-doubt, will Keita be able to win the competition--and the king's heart?. Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Manga,Yaoi,Yaoi,Boys Love,Romance,LGBT,Fiction,Yaoi,Shounen Ai,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Comics Manga,Sequential Art,Comics.
Title: Creative Jamaican Cooking And Menus. Author: Mike Henry,Sonny Henry,Dawn Henry, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: 50 Great Short Stories. Author: Milton Crane,Katherine Mansfield,William Saroyan,Edith Wharton,Ernest Hemingway,Katherine Anne Porter,Flannery O'Connor,Frank O'Connor,Edmund Wilson,Aldous Huxley,Stephen Vincent Benét,Clarence Day Jr.,John O'Hara,James Joyce,John Steinbeck,E.B. White,Dorothy Parker,Anton Chekhov,Wilbur Daniel Steele,Virginia Woolf,James Thurber,Saki,Arthur Schnitzler,Anatole France,George Milburn,Sylvia Townsend Warner,William Faulkner,Robert M. Coates,V.S. Pritchett,H.L. Mencken,Irwin Shaw,Lord Dunsany,Nathaniel Hawthorne,W. Somerset Maugham,Thomas Wolfe,Ring Lardner,H.G. Wells,Francis Steegmuller,Robert Louis Stevenson,John Collier,E.M. Forster,Henry James,Carson McCullers,Rudyard Kipling,Alexander Pushkin,Max Beerbohm,Shirley Jackson,Edgar Allan Poe,Guy de Maupassant,O. Henry,Joseph Conrad, Description: 50 Great Short Stories, is a comprehensive selection from the world's finest short fiction. The authors represented range from Hawthorne, Maupassant, and Poe, through Henry James, Conrad, Aldous Huxley, and James Joyce, to Hemingway, Katherine Anne Porter, Faulkner, E.B. White, Saroyan, and O'Connor. The variety in style and subject is enormous, but all these stories have one point in common—the enduring quality of the writing, which places them among the masterpieces of the world's fiction.,Garden party / Katherine Mansfield --,Three-day blow / Ernest Hemingway --,Standard of living / Dorothy Parker --,Saint / V.S. Pritchett --,Other side of the hedge / E.M. Forster --,Brooksmith / Henry James --,Jockey / Carson McCullers --,Courting of Dinah Shadd / Rudyard Kipling --,Shot / Alexander Poushkin, translated by T. Keane --,Graven Image / John O'Hara --,Putois / Anatole France, translated by Frederic Chapman --,Only the dead know Brooklyn / Thomas Wolfe --,A.V. Laider / Max Beerbohm --,Lottery / Shirley Jackson --,Masque of the Red Death / Edgar Allan Poe --,Looking back / Guy de Maupassant, translated by H.N.P. Sloman --,Man higher up / O. Henry --,Summer of the beautiful white horse / William Saroyan --,Other two / Edith Wharton --,Theft / Katherine Anne Porter --,Good man is hard to find / Flannery O'Connor --,Man of the house / Frank O'Connor --,Man who shot snapping turtles / Edmund Wilson --,Gioconda smile / Aldous Huxley --,Curfew tolls / Stephen Vincent Benet --,Father wakes up the village / Clarence Day --,Ivy Day in the committee room / James Joyce --,Chrysanthemums / John Steinbeck --,Door / E.B. White --,Upheaval / Anton Chekhov --,How beautiful with shoes / Wilbur Daniel Steele --,Haunted house / Virginia Woolf --,Catbird seat / James Thurber --,Schartz-Metterklume method / H.H. Munro --,Death of a Bachelor / Arthur Schnitzler --,Apostate / George Milburn --,Phoenix / Sylvia Townsend Warner --,That evening sun / William Faulkner --,Law / Robert M. Coates --,Tale / Joseph Conrad --,Girl from Red Lion, PA / H.L. Mencken --,Main currents of American thought / Irwin Shaw --,Ghosts / Lord Dunsany --,Minister's black veil / Nathaniel Hawthorne --,String of beads / W. Somerset Maugham --,Golden honeymoon / Ring Lardner --,Man who could work miracles / H.G. Wells --,Foreigner / Francis Steegmuller --,Thrawn Janet / Robert Louis Stevenson --,Chaser / John Collier. Genre: Short Stories,Fiction,Classics,Literature,Anthologies,Literary Fiction,Unfinished,Own,Anthologies,Collections,Literature,20th Century.
Title: Dinosaurs. Author: Kathleen Weidner Zoehfeld,National Geographic Kids, Description: There's nothing more fascinating than dinosaurs. In this Level 1 reader, youngsters learn all about the terrifying giants that once roamed the Earth—maybe even as close as their own backyard! They'll be wowed by new information and eye-popping illustrations from National Geographic, a trusted source of children's nonfiction content.,National Geographic supports K-12 educators with ELA Common Core Resources.,Visit ,www.natgeoed.org/commoncore, for more information.. Genre: Animals,Dinosaurs,Nonfiction,Science,Animals,Childrens,Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Young Readers,History,Academic,School,Environment,Nature.
Title: Basil of Baker Street. Author: Eve Titus,Paul Galdone, Description: Basil--famous sleuth of mousedom--lived in the cellar of Sherlock Holmes' house. A devoted admirer of the great detective, he had learned his craft by listening at the feet of Holmes himself. The Mystery of the Missing Twins was one of the strangest cases in Basil's career. He had only a few crumbs of clues with which to find solutions to such baffling questions as: Who had masterminded the plot? Where were the twins, Angela and Agatha, being kept?. Genre: Mystery,Childrens,Fiction,Animals,Childrens,Middle Grade,Classics,Fantasy,Adventure,Childrens,Juvenile,Childrens,Chapter Books.
Title: Handling the Big Jets. Author: David P. Davies, Description: nan. Genre: Aviation.
Title: Writing Women in Modern China: An Anthology of Literature by Chinese Women from the Early Twentieth Century. Author: Amy D. Dooling, Description: Writing Women in Modern China, is the first major anthology in English to highlight the contributions of women to modern literary culture with respect to the heated gender debates of early twentieth-century China. Featuring examples of fiction, drama, autobiography, essays, and poetry by eighteen writers, many of whom have been neglected by mainstream literary history, this collection demonstrates the creative diversity in modern women's writing.,The editors' introduction charts key developments in the study of gender, literature, and women's writing in modern China and provides an overview of the relevant historical events of this century's first three decades. From Qiu Jin's experimental narrative ,Stones of the Kingwei Bird,, one of the earliest fictional representations of women's liberation from the traditional Confucian family, to Bing Xin's "Our Mistress's Parlor," which presents a satire of an intellectual salon in 1930s Shanghai, ,Writing Women in Modern China, offers an unrivaled opportunity to explore an important body of imaginative work.. Genre: Poetry,Autobiography,Memoir.
Title: Perfect Brilliant Stillness. Author: David Carse, Description: An intimate account of spontaneous spiritual enlightenment and its implications in a life lived beyond the individual self. "It is so rare to see any work that holds that essential and fundamental perception without compromise. Your book is a beacon which can shine through all of the fog and nonsense that is broadcast under the name of 'advaita' or 'non-duality'. Especially as that expression comes out of no-one!" Tony Parsons author of The Open Secret, As It Is and All There Is. "This book is a Gonzo Gita - a Gone-so Song of God; a soaring, rampaging loving outpouring of Unmanifest Source displayed in manifest consciousness, playing a complex spiritual melody through the hollow bamboo flute of a Vermont farmer/carpenter/building contractor who was all but ignorant of the non-dual tradition before a disorienting full enlightenment struck and he realized 'there's nobody home.' Robert Gussner PhD, Professor Emeritus, University of Vermont Dept. of Religion. Genre: Spirituality,Religion,Buddhism,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Eastern Philosophy,Audiobook.
Title: The Man Who Killed the Deer. Author: Frank Waters, Description: The story of Martiniano, the man who killed the deer, is a timeless story of Pueblo Indian sin and redemption, and of the conflict between Indian and white laws; written with a poetically charged beauty of style, a purity of conception, and a thorough understanding of Indian values.. Genre: Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Westerns,Classics,Native Americans,North American Hi...,American History,Literary Fiction,Cultural,Literature,Literature,American.
Title: Norman Rockwell's America. Author: Christopher Finch, Description: A nostalgic collection of Norman Rockwell's scenes of twentieth century American life includes all of the ,Saturday Evening Post, covers plus paintings, drawings, and graphics from every period of the artist's career--with many foldout pages.. Genre: Art,Nonfiction,History,Historical,Biography,Art,Art History.
Title: Norman Rockwell, 1894-1978: America's Most Beloved Painter. Author: Karal Ann Marling, Description: Since his work is categorized as illustration and was most famously featured on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post, fine art critics were slow to acknowledge the importance of Norman Rockwell (1894-1978) as true artist, though his work was enormously popular during his lifetime and has endured as a crucial element in America's perception of itself in the 20th century. Through the Roaring Twenties, the Great Depression, World War II, the 1950s and 60s, Rockwell illustrations were a part of daily life, showing, as he once said, "the America I knew and observed to others who might not have noticed.". Genre: Art,Biography,Art,Art History,Reference.
Title: Norman Rockwell's Christmas Book. Author: Norman Rockwell,Molly Rockwell,Robert Peter Tristram Coffin,Ogden Nash,Saki,Langston Hughes, Description: A Christmas book which includes stories, poems and carols (with music). The contributors range from William Shakespeare to Ogden Nash and include Hans Christian Andersen, Robert Frost, Langston Hughes and Louisa May Alcott. The book closes with the recipes for Fannie Merritt Farmer's Christmas Dinner, from her 1896 cookbook.. Genre: Holiday,Christmas,Art,Holiday,Fiction,Classics,Childrens,Poetry,Reference.
Title: Words, Script, and Pictures: Semiotics of Visual Language. Author: Meyer Schapiro, Description: Essays describe how the illustration of texts has changed since the eighteenth century and how text itself has interacted with visual art.. Genre: Art,Art History.
Title: The Mind and the Market: Capitalism in Western Thought. Author: Jerry Z. Muller, Description: Capitalism has never been a subject for economists alone. Philosophers, politicians, poets and social scientists have debated the cultural, moral, and political effects of capitalism for centuries, and their claims have been many and diverse. ,The Mind and the Market, is a remarkable history of how the idea of capitalism has developed in Western thought.,Ranging across an ideological spectrum that includes Hobbes, Voltaire, Adam Smith, Edmund Burke, Hegel, Marx, and Matthew Arnold, as well as twentieth-century communist, fascist, and neoliberal intellectuals, historian Jerry Muller examines a fascinating thread of ideas about the ramifications of capitalism and its future implications. This is an engaging and accessible history of ideas that reverberate throughout everyday life.. Genre: Economics,History,Philosophy,Politics,Nonfiction,History,World History,Economics,Finance,Business.
Title: Theme Park Design: Behind The Scenes With An Engineer. Author: Steve Alcorn, Description: Have you ever gone to a theme park and wondered, "How did they do that?" At last there's a book that shows you. Theme Park Design reveals the secrets behind some of the world's greatest attractions. Take a peek behind the scenes, with a theme park engineer. Aimed at theme park enthusiasts, the book features behind the scenes information based upon author Steve Alcorn's 35 years designing attractions. The story follows the development of an attraction from "Blue Sky" design to opening day. Along the way it reveals the engineering tricks used to build many fan favorite rides. "This book shows you the secrets behind the magic," says Alcorn. Theme Park Design explores ride control, mechanics, audio, video, lighting, special effects, animated figures, art direction, and much more, with insider commentary. The author illuminates the fast-paced world of theme park design through tales of calamity and triumph, sprinkled with many humorous anecdotes. He also offers career tips on becoming an Imagineer. A must-read for every theme park enthusiast!. Genre: Nonfiction.
Title: قصة الموارنة في الحرب. Author: Joseph Abou Khalil,جوزيف أبو خليل, Description: من هُم الأبطال الحقيقيون في الحرب الأهلية وشبه الأهلية التي اشتعلت في لبنان طوال 17 عاماً؟ ومن هم مجرمو الحرب؟ وهل ثمة ولادة حقيقية للبنان من بعدها؟ من هنا تبدأ القصة التي كتبها مسيحي ماروني وكتائبي عتيق عاش مأساة لبنان وشارك في بعض فصولها.. Genre: Politics.
Title: Dinosaur: A Read-Aloud Storybook. Author: Walt Disney Company, Description: The complete retelling of favorite Disney movies in a true read-aloud style.. Genre: Childrens,Animals,Dinosaurs.
Title: The Midsummer Crown. Author: Kate Sedley, Description: The new Roger the Chapman mystery - In the sultry midsummer of 1483, as Richard of Gloucester begins his bid for the English crown, Roger returns home to Bristol, glad to be out of the capital. But almost immediately, the Duke recalls him to London to investigate the mysterious disappearance of a young boy whose tutor has been found murdered, apparently in a locked room. It is an investigation which has as its background an ancient British legend, and which will imperil Roger’s life as never before.. Genre: Mystery,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical,Medieval,Mystery,Historical Mystery,European Literature,British Literature,Fiction,Literature,15th Century,Historical,Mystery,Crime.
Title: The Alterman Gambit Guide: Black Gambits 1. Author: Boris Alterman, Description: This gambit guide is no mere opening book, but also a tactical battle manual. Sharpen your tactics and learn to play dynamic attacking chess while studying the most entertaining gambits. This volume deals with various openings after 1.d4 and 1.c4, and lines covered include: Benko Gambit, Blumenfeld Gambit, Vaganian Gambit and more.. Genre: Games,Chess.
Title: Power Up Your Mind: Learn Faster, Work Smarter. Author: Bill Lucas, Description: Lucas offers a revolutionary understanding of how mankinds brains are pre-wired to learn and the practical steps to take in order to participate fully in the process.,Bill Lucas, a leading international expert on life-long learning, shows that while we have learned more about how the brain works in the last decade than we have ever known, only a fraction of this is grasped and applied by most people. Power Up Your Mind applies this practical knowledge for the first time and shows you how to learn. Drawing on research from a wide variety of subject areas, from neuroscience to psychology, from motivation theory to accelerated learning, from memory to diet, this book shows how everyone has the capacity to succeed and how most people use only a very small portion of their talents. For learning to be effective, an understanding of how the brain works is essential and unlike most of the recent thinking on the mind, Lucas connects an understanding of the brain with the reality of the workplace and translates what we know about the brain into useful insights for work. Much work-based training is a waste of time and money because the majority of people are neither emotionally ready nor practically inclined to apply their learning to the way they behave. Power Up Your Mind offers a new model of learning-READY, GO, STEADY-which will revolutionize the way you learn and perform.. Genre: Nonfiction,Neuroscience,Brain,Self Help,Business.
Title: Esperanto: Learning and Using the International Language. Author: David       Richardson, Description: This introductory textbook begins with an extensive English-language introduction, covering the need for an international language, an overview of Esperanto's history, and the international Esperanto community. A series of brief lessons with exercises follows, concentrating on practical communication and vocabulary. The highlight of the book is a graded reader, which includes history, letters, stories, and poetry (both translated from English and drawn from original Esperanto literature) that gradually introduce more advanced usage and additional vocabulary. The book concludes with an abridged Esperanto-to-English dictionary.. Genre: Humanities,Language,Nonfiction,Humanities,Linguistics.
Title: The Complete Strangers in Paradise, Volume 1. Author: Terry Moore, Description: This quality hardbound volume is the first in a series collecting the SIP story in its complete story arcs. Book One contains the entire original mini-series that introduced Francine, Katchoo, David, Freddie and more. Plus, a 5 page short story, sketchbook pages, character designs, creator notes featuring never before seen pages of script and unused scenes, and for the first time ever, actual pages from the original version of issue one that Moore never published, choosing instead to redraw the entire issue before its release date, altering scenes and characters alike. This is a must have book for the new reader and serious collector alike!. Genre: Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Fiction,Graphic Novels Comics,Romance,LGBT,GLBT,Queer,Comics,Comic Book,Sequential Art,Comix,Contemporary.
Title: Digital Wedding Photography: Capturing Beautiful Memories. Author: Glen R Johnson, Description: Fully revised and updated! ,This is a full-color guide to capturing great wedding images and building a successful photography business. Acclaimed professional wedding photographer Glen Rea Johnson not only teaches you how to take memorable photos, it also shows you how to start a wedding photography business. Packed with great tips and savvy advice, this new edition helps you set up efficient workflows, choose camera equipment, manipulate images, make impressive presentations, and launch smart, photo-based marketing strategies to build your business. The book is loaded with new, superb photos that illustrate photography techniques but it is not a portfolio of Glen's best work, and in fact a large percentage of the images in this book were actually pulled from the trash bin because those are the most valuable in showing what not to do, or how to avoid certain mistakes. ,This book shows you how to set up and capture beautiful photos, posed or candid, in all kinds of settings, for weddings and other special events. You will find information and practical marketing strategies for building your own photography business, including how to build a Web site that attracts clients. Covers camera equipment and accessories, post-shoot digital darkroom techniques, digital editing software, and how to print your images successfully. Gives you invaluable insights and tips from the author, who is one of the country's top wedding and special events photographers. Capture better pictures of some of life's most memorable events, and build a successful photography business with this indispensable guide!. Genre: Art,Photography,Reference,Business,Nonfiction.
Title: The Legend of the Lady Slipper. Author: Margi Preus,Margi Preus,Andrea Arroyo, Description: The lady slipper grows in the northern woods to mark the courage and strength of a small girl who lived there long ago - a girl who saved her people from a terrible disease by listening carefully to the whispering snow, the rumbling ice, and the dancing northern lights. Illustrated with paintings as graceful and delicate as the lady slipper itself, this unforgettable retelling shows how a child's lost slippers became one of nature's most lovely spring flowers.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Folklore,Cultural,Folk Tales.
Title: Biomanželka. Author: Michal Viewegh, Description: "Od začátku jsem přesvědčena, že Mojmírovo manželství s Hedvikou je moderní soft verzí pradávného příběhu o Modrovousovi, který vraždí své ženy. Jistě jej znáte: nezkušená kráska se provdá za chlípné bohaté monstrum, které jí naoko poskytuje svobodu, ale ve skutečnosti zabíjí její přirozenou krásu, talent a nespoutanost," říká dula, vypravěčka nové knihy Michala Viewegha Biomanželka. Dula je zprvu jen průvodkyní manželčiným těhotenstvím a porodem. Svou rodičku však neopouští ani poté, takže následujících sedm let s Hedvikou a jejím manželem bydlí to je výchozí situace humoristického románu nejpopulárnějšího českého spisovatele. "Zdánlivě humoristického," upřesňuje autor. "A nemohu bohužel popřít, že je to román částečně autobiografický.". Genre: European Literature,Czech Literature,Humor,Novels.
Title: Emperor Shaka the Great: A Zulu Epic. Author: Mazisi Kunene,Anonymous, Description: Tells how the Zulu's themselves view their empire, both in the past and the present.. Genre: Literature,African Literature,Epic,History.
Title: Flags of Our Fathers. Author: James D. Bradley,Ron Powers, Description: In this unforgettable chronicle of perhaps the most famous moment in American military history, James Bradley has captured the glory, the triumph, the heartbreak, and the legacy of the six men who raised the flag at Iwo Jima. Here is the true story behind the immortal photograph that has come to symbolize the courage and indomitable will of America.,In February 1945, American Marines plunged into the surf at Iwo Jima—and into history. Through a hail of machine-gun and mortar fire that left the beaches strewn with comrades, they battled to the island's highest peak. And after climbing through a landscape of hell itself, they raised a flag.,Now the son of one of the flagraisers has written a powerful account of six very different young men who came together in a moment that will live forever.,To his family, John Bradley never spoke of the photograph or the war. But after his death at age seventy, his family discovered closed boxes of letters and photos. In ,Flags of Our Fathers,, James Bradley draws on those documents to retrace the lives of his father and the men of Easy Company. Following these men's paths to Iwo Jima, James Bradley has written a classic story of the heroic battle for the Pacific's most crucial island—an island riddled with Japanese tunnels and 22,000 fanatic defenders who would fight to the last man.,But perhaps the most interesting part of the story is what happened after the victory. The men in the photo—three were killed during the battle—were proclaimed heroes and flown home, to become reluctant symbols. For two of them, the adulation was shattering. Only James Bradley's father truly survived, displaying no copy of the famous photograph in his home, telling his son only: "The real heroes of Iwo Jima were the guys who didn't come back.",Few books ever have captured the complexity and furor of war and its aftermath as well as ,Flags of Our Fathers,. A penetrating, epic look at a generation at war, this is history told with keen insight, enormous honesty, and the passion of a son paying homage to his father. It is the story of the difference between truth and myth, the meaning of being a hero, and the essence of the human experience of war.,From the Hardcover edition.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,War,Military Fiction,War,War,World War II,Biography,Military,Military History,North American Hi...,American History,Historical,Adult.
Title: City of Orphans. Author: Avi,Greg Ruth, Description: The streets of 1893 New York are full of life: crowded, filthy, dangerous. If you are a newsboy like thirteen-year-old Maks Geless, you need to watch out for Bruno, leader of the Plug Ugly Gang whose shadowy, sinister boss is plotting to take control of all the newsies on the lower East Side. With Bruno’s boys in fierce pursuit, Maks discovers Willa, a strange girl who lives alone in an alley. It is she, stick in hand, who fights off the Plug Uglies--but further dangers await. ,Maks must find a way to free his sister Emma from The Tombs, the city jail where she has been imprisoned for stealing a watch at the glamorous new Waldorf Hotel. Maks, believing her innocent, has only four days to prove it. Fortunately, there is Bartleby Donck, the eccentric lawyer (among other employments) to guide Maks and Willa in the art of detection. ,Against a backdrop alive with the sights and sounds of tenement New York, Maks, as boy detective, must confront a teeming world of wealth and crime, while struggling against powerful forces threatening new immigrants and the fabric of family love. . Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Young Adult,Mystery,Historical,Childrens,Middle Grade,Fiction,Childrens,Childrens,Juvenile,Adventure,Family.
Title: Workers And Utopia: A Study Of Ideological Conflict In The American Labor Movement, 1865 1900. Author: Gerald N. Grob, Description: nan. Genre: Labor.
Title: Finding a Dream. Author: S.J. Frost, Description: Bullied and harassed at school for his sexuality, Dillon Davis can’t see his life getting any better, but he can see it getting worse. Depressed, wounded in spirit and body, he’s nearing a point of hopelessness, until he sees a picture of his favorite stage actor, Brandon Alexander, with his partner, Shunichi Miyamoto. At learning Shunichi runs a karate dojo, a spark of hope comes to Dillon of learning to defend himself, and most of all, meeting Brandon.,Brandon Alexander is filled with compassion for Dillon the moment he meets him. He knows all too well what it’s like to be scorned for being gay. He and Shunichi want nothing more than to help him, but when Dillon never returns to the dojo, they fear what’s happened to him.. Genre: Romance,M M Romance,Contemporary,Romance,Music,Musicians,Music,Young Adult,Coming Of Age,Young Adult,High School,Sociology,Abuse,Adult Fiction,Erotica,LGBT,Gay.
Title: The Long Road to Gettysburg. Author: Jim  Murphy, Description: Describes the events of the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863 as seen through the eyes of two actual participants, nineteen-year-old Confederate lieutenant John Dooley and seventeen-year-old Union soldier Thomas Galway. Also discusses Lincoln’s famous speech delivered at the dedication of the National Cemetery at Gettysburg.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,American History,American Civil War,Military History,Civil War,Childrens,Middle Grade.
Title: Just a Few Words, Mr. Lincoln. Author: Jean Fritz,Charles Robinson, Description: Abraham Lincoln was one busy man. He had a country to run. And a war to win. And a family to care for. But when it came time to honor all the soldiers who had died in the great battle of Gettysburg, President Lincoln still took time to say a few words. Two hundred and seventy-one to be exact. Here is a true story about a great man and his famous speech.. Genre: History,Biography,Childrens,Picture Books,North American Hi...,American History,Nonfiction,Childrens,Politics,Presidents,Biography Memoir,Academic,School,Military History,Civil War.
Title: Goblins! A Survival Guide and Fiasco in Four Parts. Author: Brian Froud,Ari Berk, Description: Anyone who brings home this book will be in big trouble. Renowned artist Brian Froud and scholar Ari Berk have conducted a thorough investigation into the goblin realm. (For the uninformed, goblins, a subspecies of faery, are those maleficent creatures that cause all manner of havoc in the human realm.) The fruit of their labor, however, turned out to be a rotten apple: the book is infected with goblins. ,Now, thanks largely to Froud and Berk's continuing carelessness, the noxious, viscid, and largely nonsensical volume has been unleashed on an unsuspecting public. Among its pages are reproductions of the ancient, odoriferous Codex Goblinensis; a glossary of common goblins and their markings; and a gazetteer of goblin photographs taken with the arcane Goblin Camera. Those fearing an infestation can refer to the section detailing how to determine if you've "got goblins" and, if so, what you can do about it. (There is nothing you can do about it.),Combining the folkloric approach of ,Faeries, with the utter wackiness of ,Lady Cottington,, this is the team's most visually rich and outrageous opus yet.. Genre: Fantasy,Art,Fiction,Childrens,Picture Books,Reference,Childrens,Paranormal,Fairies,Humor,Humor,Comedy,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: Vijf Broden En Twee Vissen: Missionair Gemeentezijn in Een (Post)Moderne Samenleving. Author: A. Noordegraaf, Description: nan. Genre: Christian.
Title: Ghost from the Past. Author: Carol Lynne, Description: Book twenty-two in the Cattle Valley Series,Happily settled in Cattle Valley with the men he loved, Rio Adega wasn't expecting the one call that could bring his world crashing down around him. "Rio, it's Chet. You'd better brace yourself, old friend. Ghost has been recovered, alive. He's asking for you.",In less than a minute, Rio's loyalties are tested. Ghost. The one man Rio owed his entire life to was alive. Not only had he unknowingly left the African jungle thinking his mentor and lover was dead, but he'd managed to move on.,How can Rio make amends to the man who gave him everything, while still holding onto the relationships he's worked so hard to build?. Genre: Romance,M M Romance,Erotica,Menage,Romance,Contemporary,Menage,M M M,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Fiction,LGBT,Gay,Westerns,LGBT.
Title: The Midwife's Confession. Author: Diane Chamberlain, Description: Dear Anna,,What I have to tell you is difficult to write, but I know it will be far more difficult for you to hear, and I'm so sorry—,The unfinished letter is the only clue Tara and Emerson have to the reason behind their close friend Noelle's suicide. Everything they knew about Noelle—her calling as a midwife, her passion for causes, her love for her friends and family—described a woman who ,embraced, life.,Yet there was so much they ,didn't, know.,With the discovery of the letter and its heartbreaking secret, Noelle's friends begin to uncover the truth about this complex woman who touched each of their lives - and the life of a desperate stranger - with love and betrayal, compassion and deceit.. Genre: Fiction,Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Mystery,Contemporary,Drama,Audiobook,Womens Fiction,Adult Fiction,Adult,Family.
Title: Jesus the Messiah: Tracing the Promises, Expectations, and Coming of Israel's King. Author: Herbert W. Bateman IV,Darrell L. Bock,Gordon H. Johnston, Description: Few books have sought to exhaustively trace the theme of Messiah through all of Scripture, but this book does so with the expert analysis of three leading evangelical scholars. For the Bible student and pastor, "Jesus the Messiah"presents a comprehensive picture of both scriptural and cultural expectations surrounding the Messiah, from an examination of the Old Testament promises to their unique and perfect fulfillment in Jesus' life. Students of the life of Christ will benefit from the authors' rich understanding of ancient biblical culture and pastors will find an indispensable help for understanding the unity and importance of the ancient promise of Messiah. This handsome volume will be a ready reference on Messiah for years to come.. Genre: Religion,Theology,Christianity,New Testament.
Title: Gerald Massey's Lectures. Author: Gerald Massey, Description: The Historical (Jewish) Jesus and the Mythical (Egyptian) Christ; Paul as a Gnostic Opponent, not the Apostle of Historic Christianity; The Logia of the Lord; or the Pre-Christian Sayings ascribed to Jesus the Christ; Gnostic and Historic Christianity; The Hebrew and other Creations fundamentally explained; The Devil of Darkness; or Evil in the Light of Evolution; Luniolatry; Ancient and Modern; Man in search of his Soul, during Fifty Thousand Years, and how he found it; The Seven Souls of Man, and their Culmination in the Christ; and The Coming Religion.. Genre: Religion.
Title: Brian Froud's World of Faerie. Author: Brian Froud,Ari Berk, Description: Drawing inspiration from the gnarled shrubbery of England's windswept moorlands, Brian Froud is best known for being the mad genius behind Jim Henson's film The Dark Crystal and illustrating such best-sellers as Lady Cottington's Pressed Fairy Book. In this volume, a long-awaited sequel to his international best-sellers Faeries and Good Faeries/Bad Faeries, Froud returns to the world of faerie with a wealth of new, never-before-seen paintings, watercolors, and drawings. Brian Froud's World of Faerie offers us a startling new vision of the magical realm, enhanced by Froud's own words about his experiences and insights. This lavish, full-color book opens the door to Brian Froud's wondrous imagination as never before. It presents beautiful portrayals of faeries that have touched hearts and minds for generations. World of Faerie is by far Froud's most personal book, and represents this visionary artist and creator of fantasy worlds at the pinnacle of his powers. This encompassing volume is a must-have for faerie and fantasy fans of all ages, the world over.. Genre: Fantasy,Art,Paranormal,Fairies,Fiction,Fairies,Fae,Fantasy,Magic,Fantasy,Mythology,Folklore,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Childrens,Picture Books.
Title: Learn to Count with Northwest Coast Native Art. Author: Ryan Cranmer,Ryan Bulpitt,Eric Parnell,Maynard Johnny Jr.,Terry Starr,Dick  Francis, Description: nan. Genre: Childrens,Number,Counting.
Title: Rules of the Game. Author: Penny Jordan, Description: "I'm glad we both know the score.",Jay Courtland was used to playing the game of love with sophisticated women who followed the rules - no attachments, no commitments, no cheating. He was not used to the Vanessas of the world.,Yet when he mistook Vanessa for her more glamorous cousin, she reluctantly continued the deception. She was twenty-two years old, had never had a lover and knew she'd never again meet a man who made her feel the way Jay could.,So she prayed for a little beginner's luck and took the chance that Jay would eventually see her - and want her - for what she really was...and not as a poor substitute for Nadia.. Genre: Harlequin,Harlequin Presents,Category Romance,Harlequin,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Romance.
Title: Should've Been a Cowboy. Author: Vicki Lewis Thompson, Description: Wanted: One hot cowboy...,Party organizer Tyler O'Connelli is on the fast track to her dream career. She's so close she can almost taste it. But when she returns to her family and sees her one-night stand, Alex Keller, all done up in his cowboy gear, her self-control is stretched to the "breaking point....",They're worlds apart. She's a busy career girl, and Alex is a cowboy. But while getting together might not bode well for anything long-term, it more than makes up for it in sheer hot chemistry Problem is, this is one wrangler she might want to get tied down--and tied up--to...indefinitely. Genre: Romance,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Westerns,Contemporary,Category Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin,Harlequin Blaze,Fiction,Adult Fiction,Audiobook,Romance,Western Romance.
Title: Radical Love: An Introduction to Queer Theology. Author: Patrick S. Cheng, Description: Contextual theologies have developed from a number of perspectives including feminist theology, Black theology, womanist theology, Latin American liberation theology, and Asian American theology and a wide variety of academic and general introductions exist to examine each one.,However, ,Radical Love, is the first introductory textbook on the subject of queer theology.,Queer theology is concerned with questions about the meaning of existence, as posed by lesbian, gay, transgender, bisexual, and other queer seekers. The classic problems of theology apply: the problems of both natural and human evil; the problem of God, or the ultimate source of the universe; the problem of the purpose of human life; the problem of ethical conduct; and the problem of human desire for eternal life.,Part One of this new book provides a historical survey of how queer theology has developed from the 1950's to today. Part Two is a substantive, but highly readable introduction to the themes of queer theology using the ecumenical creeds as a general framework. Topics include revelation, God, Trinity, creation, Jesus Christ, atonement, sin, grace, Holy Spirit, church, sacraments, and last things, as seen through the lenses of LGBT,theologians.. Genre: Religion,Theology,Religion,GLBT,Queer,LGBT,Nonfiction,Religion,Christianity,Christian,Sexuality,Religion,Faith,Spirituality.
Title: I Had a Black Dog: His Name Was Depression. Author: Matthew Johnstone,Paul A. Gilbert, Description: There are many different breeds of Black Dog affecting millions of people from all walks of life. The Black Dog is an equal opportunity mongrel. It was Winston Churchill who popularized the phrase Black Dog to describe the bouts of depression he experienced for much of his life. Matthew Johnstone, a sufferer himself, has written and illustrated this moving and uplifting insight into what it is like to have a Black Dog as a companion and how he learned to tame it and bring it to heel.. Genre: Nonfiction,Health,Mental Health,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Psychology,Self Help,Mental Health,Mental Illness,Childrens,Picture Books,Sequential Art,Comics,Health,Short Stories.
Title: Combat Medic - An Eyewitness Account of the Kibeho Massacre. Author: Terry Pickard, Description: On the 22nd of April 1995 more than 4,000 Rwandans were massacred and thousands more injured in a place called Kibeho. Terry Pickard, a seasoned soldier and medic, was one of a 32-strong force of Australian UN peacekeepers in Kibeho on that terrible Saturday. While the United Nations' presence prevented the death toll from being even worse than it was, the massacre continues to haunt him. The rules of engagement that stopped him from intervening in the senseless slaughter and the life and death decisions he was forced to make when dealing with the injured condemned him to more than a decade of recurring nightmares and debilitating flashbacks. The horror and unimaginable tragedy of the Kibeho Massacre still looms large in the lives of Rwandans and the people sent to help the African country. No one who walked away from that day was ever the same again. Combat Medic is a personal account of one Australian soldier who found himself at the centre of events that shocked the world, and the personal toll that he paid. Terry Pickard's army career spanned nearly 20 years. More than 15 years after Rwanda he continues to struggle with post traumatic stress triggered by his experiences. In 2005 those who served in Rwanda and the UN peacekeeping mission were informed that their service had been upgraded to "warlike''. Very few of them had ever doubted it.. Genre: nan.
Title: Magick, Shamanism and Taoism: The I Ching in Ritual & Meditation. Author: Richard Herne, Description: The I Ching is more than just a fortunetelling oracle. It is also an incredibly powerful system for theoretical and practical magick and meditation. Magick, Shamanism & Taoism shows how to view the I Ching on a more expansive and experiential level, allowing magicians to use the energies of the universe as revealed in the I Ching hexagrams. This book is likely to engage pagans and occultists who are looking for an innovative approach to this material.. Genre: Occult,Religion,Taoism.
Title: Epochs In The Life Of The Apostle John (A.T. Robertson Library). Author: A.T. Robertson, Description: nan. Genre: Christianity,New Testament.
Title: Luke The Historian, In The Light Of Research. Author: A.T. Robertson, Description: nan. Genre: Christianity,New Testament.
Title: KEYWORDS IN THE TEACHING OF JESUS   A T ROBERTSON LIBRARY III. Author: A.T. Robertson, Description: nan. Genre: Christianity,New Testament.
Title: Flox de los Colores. Fairy Oak. Author: Elisabetta Gnone, Description: Siempre ocurre así. Un día de Septiembre, alguien hace una rareza más rara que las haituales y a aprtir de ese momento, durante un mes y a veces hasta dos, en Fairy Oak queda desterrada la normalidad. La llaman "Danza de las Locuras de la Estación".,Lo que sucede en esos días es hilarante y precioso, porque cada cual parece de verdad dar lo mejor de sí en fantasía, fuerza, habilidad y... excentricidad. Tampoco los árboles se quedan atrás, el valle entero parece embrujado.,Y Flox tiene una teoría al respecto: que basta con mirar a los ojos de quienes danzan para comprender que... Pero dejemos que lo diga la propia Flox, pues este misterio lo revela ella, la chica arco iris, la amiga del alma de Vi y Babú. Esta historia está dedicada a ella y a la amistad, esa que, mires donde mires, te la encuentras y que a veces te deja cardenales. Y no sólo en la piel.... Genre: Fantasy,Childrens,Childrens,Middle Grade,Young Adult,European Literature,Italian Literature,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: Liberal Leviathan: The Origins, Crisis, and Transformation of the American World Order. Author: G. John Ikenberry, Description: In the second half of the twentieth century, the United States engaged in the most ambitious and far-reaching liberal order building the world had yet seen. This liberal international order has been one of the most successful in history in providing security and prosperity to more people. But in the last decade, the American-led order has been troubled. Some argue that the Bush administration, with its war on terror, invasion of Iraq, and unilateral orientation, undermined this liberal order. Others argue that we are witnessing the end of the American era. ,Liberal Leviathan, engages these debates., G. John Ikenberry argues that the crisis that besets the American-led order is a crisis of authority. A political struggle has been ignited over the distribution of roles, rights, and authority within the liberal international order. But the deeper logic of liberal order remains alive and well. The forces that have triggered this crisis--the rise of non-Western states such as China, contested norms of sovereignty, and the deepening of economic and security interdependence--have resulted from the successful functioning and expansion of the postwar liberal order, not its breakdown. The liberal international order has encountered crises in the past and evolved as a result. It will do so again., Ikenberry provides the most systematic statement yet about the theory and practice of the liberal international order, and a forceful message for policymakers, scholars, and general readers about why America must renegotiate its relationship with the rest of the world and pursue a more enlightened strategy--that of the liberal leviathan.. Genre: Politics,History,Political Science,International Relations,Politics,Political Science,Nonfiction,Academic,School.
Title: It Started With A Kiss. Author: Miranda Dickinson, Description: From the author that gave you the Sunday Times top 10 selling title, Fairytale of New York, join our heroine Romilly as she discovers how far she will go to find the man of her dreams. What would you do to find the one that got away? As the singer in a wedding band, Romily Parker has seen her fair share of happy endings, even though her own love life isn't quite as simple. On the last Saturday before Christmas, (shortly after disastrously declaring her love for best friend Charlie), Romily has a brief encounter with a handsome stranger whose heart-stopping kiss changes everything. Determined to find him again, Romily embarks on a yearlong quest, helped (and sometimes hindered) by enthusiastic Uncle Dudley, cake-making Auntie Mags and flamboyant Wren. Will she find the man of her dreams? Or could true love be closer than she thinks? The ONLY book that you'll want to curl up with this winter -- perfect for fans of Jill Mansell and Sophie Kinsella.. Genre: Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Romance,Holiday,Christmas,Contemporary,Holiday,Fiction,Romance,Contemporary Romance,New York,Love,Womens Fiction.
Title: Enough To Make A Cat Laugh. Author: Deric Longden, Description: Deric Longden shares his life with a blind novelist, Aileen Armitage, and four cats: Thermal, Tigger, Frink, and Arthur. Aileen rarely trips over the cats, but they are always in danger of being mistaken for a cardigan.. Genre: Animals,Nonfiction,Animals,Cats,Humor,Biography,Autobiography,Biography,Autobiography,Memoir.
Title: Herbs. Author: Susie White, Description: This practical yet inspiring series of books will tell you all you need to know about your favorite plants. The Grower's Guide contains the secrets of growing, cultivating, buying, propagating, pruning, and controlling pests or diseases--all in an easy-to-use, step-by-step format.. Genre: nan.
Title: Zijn er kanalen in Aalst?. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: nan. Genre: Fiction.
Title: De geschiedenis van de wereldliteratuur. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: Speelse columns over het Vlaamse literaire leven.. Genre: nan.
Title: Uitgeverij Guggenheimer. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: Als de machtige zakenman Guggenheimer bij toeval ontdekt dat het medium literatuur het volgens bepaalde prognoses in de 21ste eeuw volop gaat maken, schiet hij op de hem eigen wijze uit de startblokken en besluit hij om uitgever te worden _ en meteen ook de allerbeste uitgever die ooit is opgestaan in het Vlaamse letterenland. Hij begint als hoofd van Uitgeverij Guggenheimer concurrerende bedrijven te dwarsbomen en ook een aantal literaire boegbeelden blijft niet ongeschonden. Daarnaast zorgt hij er natuurlijk voor dat hij een uniek fonds op poten krijgt.. Genre: Fiction,Humor,Literature,European Literature,Dutch Literature.
Title: Vlucht voor mij. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: nan. Genre: Literature.
Title: Vrouwen met een IQ. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: Een succesvolle drummer beleeft in Gent diverse erotische avonturen.. Genre: Literature,Fiction,Cultural,Belgium.
Title: Ex-drummer. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: 'Ex drummer' is het slotdeel van de 'Ex-trilogie', die verder bestaat uit 'Ex schrijver' en 'Ex minnaar' en behoort tot het allerbeste van Herman Brusselmans' omvangrijke oeuvre. In deze hilarische studie van verloedering worden drie onverbeterlijke losers ten tonele gevoerd, die een populaire schrijver engageren als drummer voor hun rockgroepje. De baldadige avonturen van The Feminists, 'de slechtste band die Gent ooit gekend heeft', worden door Brusselman met de gebruikelijke overdrijving en absurditeit neergezet, maar tussen alle mafkezerij door is er opvallend veel plaats voor gevoeligheid en melancholie. En zo wordt er exuberant gesnoven en gescholden, gevochten en gemoord, geneuzeld en geneukt - tot de even onvermijdelijke als verstrekkende conclusie: 'Alles blijft continu onbegrijpelijk, vunzig, in wezen onmenselijk.'. Genre: Fiction,European Literature,Dutch Literature,Literature,Humor,Novels,European Literature,Belgian,Anthologies,Collections,Culture,Film,Literature,20th Century.
Title: Dagboek van een vermoeide egoïst. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: nan. Genre: Fiction,Literature.
Title: Logica voor idioten. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: We maken kennis met Herman Brusselmans' leven in de periode van augustus 1996 tot en met februari 1997, een van de woeligste perioden in de Belgische geschiedenis. Waarom blijft men zoeken naar wat onvindbaar is? Wat is het logische verschil tussen goede en foute idioten? Logica voor idioten is vooral een liefdesroman. Hoe zit het als men de nagenoeg perfecte relatie heeft met een schitterende vrouw en toch altijd verlangt naar een 'bijmeisjes'? De gedetailleerde zoektocht naar het uiteindelijke antwoord maakt Herman Brusselmans zo zot als een achterdeur - een gekte waar zijn lezer alleen maar profijt van heeft.. Genre: Literature,Fiction.
Title: Nog drie keer slapen en ik word wakker. Author: Herman Brusselmans, Description: Een boekhandelaar maakt door voortdurend te mopperen op het leven en het beledigen van zijn klanten geen succes van zijn nering. Vervolg op "De man die werk vond".. Genre: Fiction,Literature,Cultural,Belgium,European Literature,Dutch Literature.
Title: Specters of Democracy: Blackness and the Aesthetics of Politics in the Antebellum U.S.. Author: Ivy G. Wilson, Description: Specters of Democracy ,examines how figurations of blackness were used to illuminate the fraught relationship between citizenship, equality, and democracy in the antebellum U.S. Through close readings of Frederick Douglass, William Wells Brown, Frances Ellen Watkins Harper, and Walt Whitman (on aurality), and Herman Melville, William J. Wilson, and a host of genre painters (on visuality), the book reveals how the difficult tasks of representing African Americans-both enslaved and free-in imaginative expression was part of a larger dilemma concerning representative democracy itself.. Genre: nan.
Title: Kartonnen dozen. Author: Tom Lanoye, Description: In ,Kartonnen dozen, legt Tom Lanoye enerzijds de verslavingen en de valstrikken bloot van de grote, allesverterende jeugdliefde die iedereen kent uit ervaring. Anderzijds schildert hij zijn eigen afkomst en opvoeding: de slagerswinkel van zijn vader, de vier vrouwen die hem hebben opgevoed, de katholieke school die probeert overeind te blijven in de stormen van de moderniteit, de bejaarde priesterdichter die een inspirerend leraar Nederlands blijkt te zijn, de turners waaraan de jonge auteur zich vergaapt, en de stripverhalen waaraan hij zijn ogen kapot leest.. Genre: Fiction,Roman,LGBT,Literature,European Literature,Dutch Literature,Academic,Read For School,European Literature,Belgian,Literature,20th Century,Cultural,Belgium,Novels.
Title: Zwarte tranen. Author: Tom Lanoye, Description: In de verdere lotgevallen van een Belgische vrouw tekent zich steeds meer de 'Belgische ziekte', de institutionele corruptie, af. Vervolg op ,Het goddelijke monster,.. Genre: Fiction,Literature,European Literature,Dutch Literature,Anthologies,Collections,Contemporary,Roman.
Title: Strangers in Paradise: The Hollywood Emigres, 1933-1950. Author: John Russell Taylor, Description: Hitler's rise to power caused a stream of emigrates--Germans, Austrians, Czechs, French, Scandinavians, and British--to find themselves temporarily or permanently marooned in Southern California. Hollywood beckoned to Alfred Hitchcock, Fritz Lang, and Jean Renoir. Los Angleses offered a home to writers such as Thomas Mann, Aldous Huxley, and Antoine de Saint-Exupery and to composers like Schoenberg and Stravinsky. This book chronicles their struggles to deal with their new environment, Americans, and one another.. Genre: Culture,Film.
Title: Wings at My Window. Author: Ada Clapham Govan, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: New Mexico, Rio Grande, and Other Essays. Author: Tony Hillerman,Robert Reynolds,David Muench, Description: Renowned author Tony Hillerman's original essays written for "New Mexico" and "Rio Grande, " plus two new essays, are complemented by the extraordinary images of Muench and Reynolds.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Finest Wines of California: A Regional Guide to the Best Producers and Their Wines. Author: Stephen Brook, Description: Unconstrained by tradition or viticultural regulation, California winemakers enjoy a freedom that has resulted in a remarkable range of world-class wines. Beautifully illustrated with original photographs and detailed color maps, this guide introduces California wine by exploring the best that the state has to offer —from lush Sonoma Chardonnay to spicy Santa Barbara Syrah to heady Amador Zinfandel. At the heart of the book, award-winning wine writer Stephen Brook offers 90 intimate profiles of top producers—from Napa and Sonoma to the North and Central coasts, the Sierra foothills, and beyond. Brook also includes general information on California wine history, wine culture, grape varieties, and more. Throughout, he searches for the characteristics that make California wine distinctive despite its tremendous diversity—and finds the answer in the state’s unusual climate, especially the shifting interplay between fog and sun, as well as a lively and constant questioning of received ideas about viticulture, vine age, terroir, and winemaking techniques, all of which have helped winemakers to create complexity,individuality, and nuance in their wines.. Genre: Alcohol,Wine.
Title: The Complete Works of Francis A. Schaeffer: A Christian Worldview. Author: Francis A. Schaeffer, Description: The Complete Works of Francis A. Schaffer Set Includes: Volume 1 is Christian View of Philosophy & Culture. It contains the following books: God who is There, Escape From Reason, He is There & He Is Not Silent, Back to Freedom & Dignity.,Vol 2 is Christian View Of The Bible As Truth. It contains the following: Genesis In Space & Time, No Final Conflict, Joshua & The Flow Of Biblical History, Basic Bible Studies, Art & The Bible.,Vol 3 is Christian View of Spirituality. It contains the following: No Little People, True Spirituality, New Super Spirituality, Two Contents Two Realities.,Vol 4 is Christian View of Church. It contains the following: Church At The End of The 20th Century, Church Before The Watching World, Mark Of The Christian, Death In The City, Great Evangelical Disaster.,Vol 5 is Christian View Of The West. It contains the following: Pollution & Death Of man, How Should We Then Live, Whatever Happened to the Human Race, Christian Manifesto.. Genre: Religion,Theology,Philosophy,Christian,Religion,Christianity,Cultural,Nonfiction,Religion,Spirituality,Reference,Christian,Christian Living.
Title: Icelandic Folktales and Legends. Author: Jacqueline Simpson,Magnus Magnusson, Description: This book of 85 stories from medieval Iceland illustrates a variety of supernatural beliefs concerning elves, gigantic trolls, water monsters, ghosts, wizards and black magic rites, buried treasure and religious tales. The stories are intimately linked to the landscape and reflect the hopes, fears, hardships and preoccupations of everyday life. The translation of each tale is accompanied by an explanatory introduction and notes.. Genre: Folklore,Fantasy,Mythology,History,Folk Tales,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Nonfiction.
Title: Depression: The Way Up When You Are Down. Author: Edward T. Welch, Description: Lost ambition. Emotional numbness. Fear and withdrawal. Fatigue. Marks of what is commonly called depression. If you are one of the many people suffering from depression, there is hope and there is help-a way up when you are down. Even if you don't feel like doing anything, this booklet provides manageable steps for getting started on the path that leads out of depression. Edward T. Welch helps us understand the spiritual issues involved, whether one's depression is caused by physical problems or results in them. Getting to the heart of what depression says and means, Welch guides us through a process of dealing with depression biblically and effectively.. Genre: Psychology,Counselling,Psychology,Nonfiction,Christian.
Title: Learn to Delta Lace Crochet. Author: Karen Whooley, Description: Creating fabric with open-work triangles is the technique at the center of this crochet pattern assortment. Delta crochet is a simple stitch that creates a mesh, and can employ an assortment of stitches, such as double, triple, and double-triple crochet stitches. Using either light- or medium-weight, worsted yarns, the projects include a hat, a scarf, a shawl, a Mobius cowl, and a poncho.. Genre: Crafts,Crochet.
Title: The Goblin Companion. Author: Brian Froud,Terry Jones, Description: Earthy, enigmatic, and--until now--elusive, the goblin is little known and even less well understood. Thanks to Brian Froud's discovery of the notebooks of Dashe, a goblin portraitist, this rare breed is now an open book. This is a definitive, profusely illustrated field guide to the goblin world, annotated by Terry Jones, Monty Python professor emeritus of Obscure, Absurd and Truly Hilarious Arts. Full-color illustrations.. Genre: Fantasy,Art,Fiction,Humor,Science Fiction Fantasy,Humor,Comedy,Paranormal,Fairies,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Childrens,Picture Books,Folklore.
Title: Barefoot Running Step by Step: Barefoot Ken Bob, the Guru of Shoeless Running, Shares His Personal Technique. Author: Roy M. Wallack,Ken Bob Saxton, Description: "Barefoot Ken Bob is The Master. Long before anyone else was even talking about barefoot running, he was perfecting the art... Now, after twenty years of teaching, experimenting, and 'merry marathoning' (as he calls it), the first and best source of barefoot-running knowledge is bringing his ideas to print. And it's about time.",—Christopher McDougall, author of ,Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Super Athletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen,"Ken Bob Saxton, a pioneer of the modern barefoot running movement, has logged more miles in his birthday shoes than just about anyone I know, and he has helped countless people run barefoot. As one would expect, this delightful book, full of wit and wisdom, is an invaluable guide for anyone who wants to run barefoot, avoid injury, and have fun.",—Daniel E. Lieberman, professor of Human Evolutionary Biology, Harvard University,"This is a wonderful guide from the Godfather of barefoot running!",—Irene Davis, Ph.D., director of Spaulding National Running Center, Harvard Medical School,Learn Barefoot Running from the Master!,Almost overnight, barefoot running has exploded onto the fitness scene. However, it involves more than simply taking off your shoes. In fact, everything you've learned about barefoot running is probably wrong—unless you've learned it from Barefoot Ken Bob Saxton. The leading instructor and proponent of unshod running, he has completed 76 marathons barefoot, survived an astounding marathon-a-month challenge in 2004, and gone on to top that with 16 marathons in 2006, including four in a 15-day period—all barefoot.,Barefoot Running Step by Step, separates the facts from the hype, outlines Ken Bob’s personal techniques, and details the latest research on the newest trend in mankind's oldest sport. Whether you barefoot run occasionally, part-time, or full-time, you'll find methods for improving your form, staying injury-free, dramatically improving your speed and performance, and having more fun.,The Bent Knee:, Here is the hidden secret to perfect running form. Learn how this crucial adjustment will keep you running stronger and injury-free for life.,Vibrams and Minimalist Shoes:, Barefoot running is not a transition from shoes to minimalist shoes to bare feet. It's the other way around. Discover why you need to run barefoot before you use other footwear.,Start From the Head:, Proper barefoot form doesn't start at the feet. Discover how to get the correct body biomechanics.,Ease Into It:, Here are the steps you need to take to make the transition from running in shoes to barefoot running as painless and easy as possible.,Improve Speed:, Barefoot running's injury reduction benefits are well-touted; however a new landmark study proves that barefooting—even part-time—can make you faster.,Barefoot Running Step by Step, is filled with series photos and illustrations that show you the "do's" and "don'ts" of barefoot running, the latest research, and Ken Bob Saxton's personal experiences and insights for running barefoot for life.. Genre: Nonfiction,Sports,Fitness,Sports,Sports,Health,How To.
Title: The Echo Chamber. Author: Luke Williams, Description: An evocative and exquisitely written debut novel about family, empire and money. , , Impressive in its scope and ambition, this first novel is at once a family saga, a book that reimagines the myth of the empire, and a history of objects. ,The Echo Chamber, is narrated by fifty-four- year-old Evie Steppman, who grew up in Nigeria in the 1950s during the last decade of British rule. As a child, Evie exhibited extraordinarily acute powers of hearing; now, alone in an attic in Scotland that is filled with objects from her past and with her powers of hearing starting to fade, she sets out to record her history before it all disintegrates into a meaningless din. Tales of the twelfth-century mapmaker in Palermo, stories whispered by embittered expatriates, and eyewitness accounts from Nigeria's civil war mingle with Evie's memories of her childhood, of her grandfather, a watchmaker who attempted to forge a mechanical likeness of his dead wife, and of her travels across America. Williams's interest in history and storytelling and his talent for evoking multiple voices will remind readers of the work of David Mitchell, Peter Carey, and Jonathan Safran Foer.. Genre: Fiction,Western Africa,Nigeria,Historical,Historical Fiction,European Literature,British Literature,Literary Fiction,Cultural,Scotland.
Title: Counterplay: An Anthropologist at the Chessboard. Author: Robert Desjarlais, Description: “Chess gets a hold of some people, like a virus or a drug,” writes Robert Desjarlais in this absorbing book. Drawing on his lifelong fascination with the game, Desjarlais guides readers into the world of twenty-first-century chess to help us understand its unique pleasures and challenges, and to advance a new “anthropology of passion.” Immersing us directly in chess’s intricate culture, he interweaves small dramas, closely observed details, illuminating insights, colorful anecdotes, and unforgettable biographical sketches to elucidate the game and to reveal what goes on in the minds of experienced players when they face off over the board. ,Counterplay, offers a compelling take on the intrigues of chess and shows how themes of play, beauty, competition, addiction, fanciful cognition, and intersubjective engagement shape the lives of those who take up this most captivating of games.. Genre: Games,Chess,Anthropology.
Title: Logic Demystified. Author: Tony Boutelle,Stan Gibilisco, Description: Publisher's Note: Products purchased from Third Party sellers are not guaranteed by the publisher for quality, authenticity, or access to any online entitlements included with the product.Making sense of LOGIC just got a whole lot EASIER!Stumped trying to understand logic? It's time to listen to reason! There's no doubt that ,Logic Demystified, will help you master this challenging subject.,Written in a step-by-step format, this practical guide begins by covering arguments, validity, and truth tables. You'll move on to propositional and predicate logic, rigor, fallacies, paradoxes, and revelations. Proofs, Boolean algebra, the logic of machines, and sets are discussed as is the illogic of time, matter, space, and chaos. Detailed examples and concise explanations make it easy to understand the material, and end-of-chapter quizzes and a final exam help reinforce learning.,It's a no-brainer! You'll get: ,Rules for reasoning,Quantified statements and theorems,Simple and classical paradoxes,Strategies for proofs,Basic set theory and machine logic,A time-saving approach to performing better on homework, an exam, or at work,Simple enough for a beginner, but challenging enough for an advanced student, ,Logic Demystified, helps you validate your knowledge of this multidisciplinary topic.. Genre: Philosophy,Philosophy,Logic.
Title: The Mathematics of the Cosmic Mind: A Study in Mathematical Symbolism. Author: L. Gordon Plummer, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: The Israeli Economy from the Foundation of the State Through the 21st Century. Author: Paul Rivlin, Description: This book analyzes the development of the Israeli economy in its historical context. It shows how the ideology of the dominant group in the Zionist movement led to the development of agriculture, thus meeting the preconditions for successful industrialization. Remarkable, if uneven, growth has taken place, with increasing allocations for defense. Regional isolation led to the emphasis on high-quality exports for developed markets that has stimulated the technological base. Israel has benefited from mass immigration and increased access to foreign capital, factors that have transformed the economy. The book includes chapters on the development of the Jewish community in Palestine during the British Mandate; macroeconomic developments and economic policy; globalization and high technology; defense; the economics of the Arab minority; Israeli settlements and relations with the Palestinians; and the role of religion. It concludes with an examination of the socioeconomic divisions that have widened as the economy has grown.. Genre: Cultural,Israel.
Title: Touring the Universe through Binoculars: A Complete Astronomer's Guidebook. Author: Philip S. Harrington, Description: This comprehensive work takes you on a personal tour of the universe using nothing more than a pair of binoculars. More comprehensive than any book currently available, it starts with Earth's nearest neighbor, the moon, and then goes on to explore each planet in the solar system, asteroids, meteors, comets and the sun. Following this, the reader is whisked away into deep space to explore celestial bodies including stars that are known and many sights less familiar. The final chapter includes a detailed atlas of deep-sky objects visible through binoculars. The appendices include guidance on how to buy, care for and maintain astronomical binoculars, tips and hints on using them, and detailed information on several home-made binocular mounts.. Genre: Science,Science,Astronomy,Nonfiction.
Title: Tomorrow, Up and Away!. Author: Pat Lowery Collins, Description: The hilarious story of a squirrel determined to make turtle's wish to fly come true. Charming, full-color illustrations by Lynn Munsinger show turtle's horror at being flown on squirrel's kite--a perfect complement to Pat Collin's laughable text.. Genre: nan.
Title: Them+Us. Author: Danny Vendramini, Description: Put aside everything you thought you knew about Neanderthals. Evolutionary detective Danny Vendramini's meticulous research shows they were not docile omnivores, but savage, cannibalistic carnivores: the 'apex predators' of the stone age. And everything else - including humans - was their prey.,Vendramini's Neanderthal predation theory argues that the evolution of modern humans - including our unique physiology, sexuality and human nature - is the result of systematic long-term sexual predation and cannibalism by Eurasian Neanderthals.,Neanderthal predation theory is one of those groundbreaking concepts that revolutionizes scientific thinking. It represents a quantum leap in our understanding of human origins.. Genre: Nonfiction.
Title: Photographing the Southwest: Volume 1--A Guide to the Natural Landmarks of Southern Utah. Author: Laurent Martres, Description: The Photographing the Southwest guidebook series is the culmination of over twenty years experience exploring and photographing the natural landmarks of the Southwest. Volume 1 will take you to the heart of Southern Utah, home to some of the Colorado Plateau's most outstanding highlights. Beyond the National Parks of the famed ?Grand Circle?, you?ll discover many hidden locations of Red Rock Country as well as Indian rock art and cliff dwellings. The book also makes a quick side trip into Northeastern Utah to explore the remote area around Dinosaur National Monument. Enough for weeks of new discoveries in the area. Genre: Art,Photography,Nonfiction,Reference.
Title: Gold Fever!: Tales from the California Gold Rush. Author: Rosalyn Schanzer, Description: Catch the fever! Gold fever swept the nation—and the world—in 1848 when carpenter James Marshall discovered a gold nugget in the American River near John Sutter's mill. As word spread of gold in California, the news set off a westward stampede. Fortune seekers and adventurers poured into California by land and sea, wild with excitement and expectation. ,Rosalyn Schanzer's engaging and humorous book tells the story of these prospectors in their own words. Schanzer has gathered her favorite quotes from journals and letters written by the forty-niners to recount the discovery of gold at Sutter's Mill. Her irresistible narrative also uses newspaper accounts to trace the various routes the forty-niners took from the East Coast to the West, the adventures they experienced along the way, and the challenges they faced on arrival. The characters recount their stories in their own words, in well-researched and authenticated quote bubbles. ,Step into an intensely exciting chapter of American history. Learn about the dreamers who dropped everything to head out west. See who found gold and how. Meet the lucky ones—and the many whose dreams turned to dust. Listen to the intriguing tales of the prospectors, and find out what the gold-diggers did with their newfound wealth. ,To write and research ,Gold Fever!,, Rosalyn Schanzer visited many California Gold Rush historical sites, and took more than 600 photographs of everything from gold nuggets to saloons in order to make her art as accurate and flavorful as possible. With skill and humor she brings historical characters vividly to life and puts the spirit of the age into her vibrant art. History shines brightly on every page of this evocative book.. Genre: History,Science,Geography,Nonfiction,Childrens,Picture Books,Historical,Childrens.
Title: Llewellyn's 2012 Magical Almanac. Author: Llewellyn Publications,Elizabeth Barrette,Calantirniel, Description: Breathe new life into your magical practice with the bounty of practical spells, rituals, and divinations inside Llewellyn's Magical Almanac. For more than twenty years, this trusted guide has inspired and enlightened magical practitioners of all skill levels.,Get organized with the handy calendar section-shaded for easier "flip-to" reference. It features world festivals and holidays, 2012 sabbats for both Northern and Southern Hemispheres, and Full Moons. You'll find the Moon's sign and phase, plus each day's color and incense correspondences. Thirty-six original articles offer creative ideas for using elemental energy to maximize the power of your spellwork in 2012.,—Make your home a magical haven using sacred geometry—Stir things up (in a good way) with a magical air altar—Dispel negativity with a cord-cutting ritual—Manifest, inspire, and heal with bathtub spells,Published annually for over twenty years, . Genre: Religion,Paganism,Religion,Wicca,Nonfiction,Witchcraft,Spirituality,Reference,Occult,Magick.
Title: Universal Tarot of Marseille [With Book and Deck of Cards]. Author: Lee Bursten, Description: The Universal Tarot of Marseille--named after the royal French city where it was first produced-takes us to the fascinating origins of tarot. This reproduction's enhanced clarity and color breathe new life into the historical images, which date back to 1751.. Genre: Occult,Tarot.
Title: The Complete Guide to Colorado's Wilderness Areas. Author: John Fielder,Mark Pearson,Mark L. Pearson, Description: Since the passage of the Wilderness Act of 1964, Congress has designated 41 wilderness areas in Colorado, totaling some 3.4 million acres ranging from desert to sagebrush to alpine crags. In addition, other undeveloped areas and national parklands have been proposed for wilderness status. In its newly revised second edition, The Complete Guide to Colorado's Wilderness Areas continues to serve as the foremost guide to these magnificent wild places.. Genre: Travel.
Title: The Railway. Author: Hamid Ismailov,Robert Chandler, Description: Set mainly in Uzbekistan between 1900 and 1980, this compelling novel introduces to us the inhabitants of the small town of Gilas on the ancient Silk Route. Among those whose stories we hear are Mefody-Jurisprudence, the town's alcoholic intellectual; Father Ioann, a Russian priest; Kara-Musayev the Younger, the chief of police; and Umarali-Moneybags, the old moneylender. Their colorful lives offer a unique and comic picture of a little-known land populated by outgoing Mullahs, incoming Bolsheviks, and a plethora of Uzbeks, Russians, Persians, Jews, Koreans, Tatars, and Gypsies. At the heart of both the town and the novel stands the railway station—a source of income and influence, and a connection to the greater world beyond the town. Rich and picaresque, ,The Railway, is highly sophisticated yet contains a naive delight in its storytelling, chronicling the dramatic changes felt throughout Central Asia in the early 20th century.. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,Asia,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical,Earth,The World,Cultural,Literature,21st Century,Novels,Travel,Literature.
Title: A Chama Imensa. Author: Ricardo Araújo Pereira, Description: Depois de ter saído d’A Bola, RAP publica em livro as suas melhores crónicas de futebol. Não perca o humor implacável de RAP e as acesas polémicas com outros cronistas.. Genre: Humor,Humor,Comedy.
Title: In the Snow. Author: Sharon Phillips Denslow,Nancy Tafuri, Description: In the snow,is a big pile of,delicious seed.,Look!,Who is coming to eat it?,Can you spot them all?,When the pile of seed,gets smaller and smaller,and day turns to dusk,and it gets,colder and colder,,who will bring new seed for the hungry animals?,Look closely!,Who is coming now,in the snow?. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Animals,Childrens,Storytime,Childrens,Animals,Birds,Environment,Nature,Fiction,Food and Drink,Food.
Title: The Solitude of Ravens. Author: Masahisa Fukase, Description: nan. Genre: Art,Photography,Art,Nonfiction,Cultural,Japan.
Title: The Universe in a Single Atom: The Convergence of Science and Spirituality. Author: Dalai Lama XIV, Description: Galileo, Copernicus, Newton, Niels Bohr, Einstein. Their insights shook our perception of who we are and where we stand in the world, and in their wake have left an uneasy coexistence: science vs. religion, faith vs. empirical inquiry. Which is the keeper of truth? Which is the true path to understanding reality?,After forty years of study with some of the greatest scientific minds, as well as a lifetime of meditative, spiritual, and philosophic study, the Dalai Lama presents a brilliant analysis of why all avenues of inquiry—scientific as well as spiritual—must be pursued in order to arrive at a complete picture of the truth. Through an examination of Darwinism and karma, quantum mechanics and philosophical insight into the nature of reality, neurobiology and the study of consciousness, the Dalai Lama draws significant parallels between contemplative and scientific examinations of reality.,This breathtakingly personal examination is a tribute to the Dalai Lama’s teachers—both of science and spirituality. The legacy of this book is a vision of the world in which our different approaches to understanding ourselves, our universe, and one another can be brought together in the service of humanity.. Genre: Nonfiction,Science,Religion,Buddhism,Philosophy,Spirituality,Religion,Audiobook,Science,Physics,Psychology,Religion,Theology.
Title: The Savage God: A Study of Suicide. Author: Al Álvarez, Description: "Suicide," writes the notes English poet and critic A. Alvarez, "has permeated Western culture like a dye that cannot be washed out." Although the aims of this compelling, compassionate work are broadly cultural and literary, the narrative is rooted in personal experience: it begins with a long memoir of Sylvia Plath, and ends with an account of the author's own suicide attempt. Within this dramatic framework, Alvarez launches his enquiry into the final taboo of human behavior, and traces changing attitudes towards suicide from the perspective of literature. He follows the black thread leading from Dante through Donne and the romantic agony, to the Savage God at the heart of modern literature.. Genre: Nonfiction,Psychology,Philosophy,Health,Mental Health,History,Death,Poetry,Biography,Science,Sociology.
Title: Non-Technical Canyon Hiking Guide to the Colorado Plateau. Author: Michael R. Kelsey, Description: Book by Kelsey, Michael R.. Genre: nan.
Title: Naturalist's Guide to Canyon Country. Author: David B. Williams,Gloria Brown, Description: Comprehensive and beautifully illustrated trailside refernce to plants, animals, and geology of an area that includes nine national parks and monuments. Genre: Reference,Travel,Environment,Nature,Reference,Guidebook.
Title: Pages of Stone: Geology of the Grand Canyon & Plateau Country National Parks & Monuments. Author: Halka Chronic, Description:  * Expanded to include Grand Staircase/Escalante, Vermilion Cliffs, Canyons of the Ancients, Dinosaur, and Hovenweep National Monuments, * Color photo insert, * Many sights accessible by car,From the sheer-walled magnificence of Zion to the breathtaking intricacy of Bryce Canyon's sculptured turrets; from the "Grand Staircase" of the Vermilion Cliffs, and Pink Cliffs in southern Utah to the volcanic lavas of Sunset Crater: two geologists describe the star attractions of 24 national parks and monuments. New sidebars provide closer looks at specific details such as the large numbers of dinosaur footprints in and around Arches National Park and geology's profound effect on ancient Pueblo peoples and how they lived.,Geologist Halka Chronic is the author of several books on geology. Geologist Lucy Chronic has served as a park interpreter at Bandelier National Monument in Los Alamos, New Mexico. , Grand Staircase, Escalante, Vermilion Cliffs, Canyons of the Ancients, Dinosaur, Hovenweep National Monuments, Zion, Bryce Canyon, Grand Staircase of the Vermilion Cliffs, Pink Cliffs in southern Utah, volcanic lavas of Sunset Crater, geologists, dinosaur footprints in and around Arches National Park. Genre: Science,Geology,Nonfiction.
Title: The Great Encyclopedia of Faeries. Author: Pierre Dubois,Roland Sabatier,Claudine Sabatier, Description: A folio size encyclopedia of fairy lore and legend. Illustrated in color throughout.. Genre: Fantasy,Art,Reference,Paranormal,Fairies,Fairies,Fae,Fantasy,Mythology,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Folklore,Spirituality,Religion,Paganism.
Title: The Variety of Life: A Survey and a Celebration of All the Creatures that Have Ever Lived. Author: Colin Tudge, Description: Here, between the covers of one capacious book, is an illustrated summary of all the creatures that have ever lived, a vast compendium of earth's current and former inhabitants in all their dazzling and infinite diversity., Colin Tudge argues that we are entering a new phase of biology in which, for the first time, biologists are achieving profound insight into life's true diversity and developing the tools to keep track of it. The Variety of Life heralds this new phase. The first part of the book describes why biologists now feel that there could have been as many as 4,000 billion species on Earth since life began. It then discusses the need for classification, beginning with the most basic principles--the strictly practical classification of fishmongers and foresters, who speak of "shellfish" and differentiate "hardwood" from "softwood"--and moves on to explore the intriguing deliberations of the modern "transformed cladists" and the novel contributions of molecular genetics. Part II describes the creatures themselves. It is divided into 24 sections, each describing a different group, illustrated by nearly 50 double-page spreads which present genealogical "trees" that summarize the evolutionary relationships between the creatures in each group. Some sections describe large, comprehensive groups such as the kingdoms of the Animals or the Plants. Others treat similar sub-groups in more detail, such as the Mammals, a class, or the Hominids, a family. In lively and accessible prose, all the significant groups of creatures--both alive and extinct--are described and their relationships clarified., For general readers and serious biologists alike, The Variety of Life offers an unprecedented storehouse of knowledge of life on earth.. Genre: Science,Science,Biology,Nonfiction,Biology,Evolution,Environment,Nature,Science,Natural History,History,Animals,Reference,Science Nature.
Title: دعاة لا قضاة. Author: حسن الهضيبي, Description: nan. Genre: Islam,Islamism.
Title: The Ghost in the Atom: A Discussion of the Mysteries of Quantum Physics. Author: Paul C.W. Davies,Julian Brown, Description: Anybody who is not shocked by quantum theory has not understood it. Niels Bohr's dictum bears witness to the bewildering impact of quantum theory, flying in the face of classical physics and dramatically transforming scientists' outlook on our relationship with the material world. In this book Paul Davies interviews eight physicists involved in debating and testing the theory, with radically different views of its significance.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Philosophy,Nonfiction,Science,Popular Science,Physics,Quantum Mechanics,Writing,Essays,Science,Mathematics,Science,Chemistry.
Title: Blood Trinity. Author: Carol Lynne, Description: Book two in the Neo's Realm Series,For over four hundred years, werewolf mates, Kern and Haig fought and loved side by side. Although they've had a few rocky moments along the way, their love for each other has never wavered. That is, until Kern is kidnapped and forced to mate with the outsider, Audric. Hurt and confused, Haig runs from Neo's Realm and, most especially, Kern. How is Haig supposed to accept another man in his marriage, especially when that man isn't a werewolf at all but a vampire?,Centuries spent as the whipping boy to the other vampires in his coven have left Audric hungry for affection. His goal isn't to come between the mated pair of werewolves, but to become part of their family. Unfortunately, his yearning for love and companionship soon threatens to damage that which he desired.,Kern hates that his unwilling actions have hurt the only person he's ever loved, but with Haig gone, he's left alone to introduce Audric to a new life on the vineyard. Kern didn't expect to like the puny vampire, but Audric begins to ease his way under Kern's skin. When Haig returns after a two month absence, Kern is afraid his newfound love for Audric might tear apart his marriage with Haig.,Three men, two species, one bed. Is it possible to put aside jealousies and establish a new kind of family or will this forced union destroy everything?. Genre: Romance,M M Romance,Paranormal,Vampires,Fantasy,Paranormal,Erotica,Menage,Menage,M M M,Fantasy,Paranormal,Shapeshifters,LGBT,Gay,M M Paranormal,M M Shapeshifters,Romance.
Title: CCNA Cisco Certified Network Associate Study Guide. Author: Todd Lammle, Description: The Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) certification is the first-tier certification in Cisco's Network Support programme. This book/CD-ROM package has now been updated to cover the latest version of the CCNA exam.. Genre: Computer Science,Technical,Reference.
Title: The Veiled Dragon. Author: Troy Denning, Description: To save the life of Eversult's Ruling Lady, Ruha, a Bedine witch and Harper agent, infiltrates the palace of a Shou prince and uncovers a murderous conspiracy linked to the royal household of the east and the Cult of the Dragon in the west. Original. 75,000 first printing.. Genre: Dungeons and Dragons,Forgotten Realms,Fantasy,Fiction,Role Playing Games,Dungeons and Dragons,Anthologies,Collections,Fantasy,High Fantasy.
Title: 100 Questions, 97 Answers, 300 Pages: Advice for a Successful Career in the Game Industry from Those Who Have Done It. Author: Brenda Brathwaite,Ian Schreiber, Description: Aspiring and professional game developers have a lot of questions: What should be in their portfolios? How do they make contacts? How do they negotiate salaries? How much do game designers make? What should they wear to interviews? In this fast-paced and humorous guide, the authors answer these questions and many more, including the ones you didn't know to ask. BREAKING INTO THE GAME INDUSTRY: ADVICE FOR A SUCCESSFUL CAREER FROM THOSE WHO HAVE DONE IT, provides aspiring game developers the know-how and confidence they need to make it in the industry. Written in a unique and engaging question and answer format, the book presents a clear, overall sense of what the game industry is and how the professionals operate in it, answering the key questions new developers should be asking as they begin their career. Providing invaluable advice and tips from experienced professionals, you'll learn how to best present yourself and your skills, showcase your work and create a compelling portfolio, and much more, giving you a leg up as you try to break into the competitive and fast-paced game industry.. Genre: nan.
Title: Recovery. Author: Troy Denning, Description: BONUS: This short story also features an excerpt from ,Star Wars: New Jedi Order: Edge of Victory I: Conquest.,As the forces of darkness threaten to engulf the galaxy, one last defiant spark remains.... Though the Yuuzhan Vong were victorious in their savage conquest of the planet Duro, they failed to extract sensitive information from Leia Organa Solo, who now barely clings to life after enduring the enemies' torture. Unless she receives medical attention soon, the badly wounded Princess and former head of the New Republic will surely die. Pursued by bounty hunters, Han Solo begins a race against time, only to find his urgent pleas for help rejected by planet after planet, as the Jedi are blamed for the continuing fight against the seemingly invincible aliens. Desperate, the Solos decide on a suicide mission. They must reach Coruscant, the New Republic's strife-ridden capital where traitors, appeasers, and assassins now share the same goal as the fierce Yuuzhan Vong: kill all Jedi.... Genre: Media Tie In,Star Wars,Science Fiction,Fiction,Fantasy,Novels,Adventure,Science Fiction Fantasy,Short Stories,Action,Space.
Title: Atom: An Odyssey from the Big Bang to Life on Earth...and Beyond. Author: Lawrence M. Krauss, Description: The story of matter and the history of the cosmos from the perspective of a single oxygen atom, told with the insight and wit of one of the most dynamic physicists and writers working today., Through this astonishing work, he manages to stoke wonder at the powers and unlikely events that conspired to create our solar system, our ecosystem, and us.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Science,Astronomy,Science,Popular Science,History,Biology,Evolution,Philosophy,Science,Chemistry.
Title: The California House: Adobe. Craftsman. Victorian. Spanish Colonial Revival. Author: Kathryn Masson, Description: The aura and romance of Old California lives on in this treasury of inviting homes. The California House presents the magic of the "golden state," that land of infinite promise and dreams, the most tangible expression of which can be found in the homes built by early California dreamers. Here domestic visions of tranquility and repose were inventively realized—in stucco or stone, wood and wrought iron, plaster, and glass and tile. Spanish Colonial Revival–style homes with elaborate wrought-iron window grilles, romantic, shadowy interiors, and lush courtyard gardens stand beside other particularly Californian architectural wonders such as the San Francisco Victorian Painted Lady, the Monterey Colonial, Eurekan Queen Anne, and the homey California Arts & Crafts. Including houses designed by luminaries George Washington Smith, Stanford White, Greene & Greene, and Reginald Johnson, this book will fascinate both the architecture aficionado and interior design enthusiasts, as well as the everyday lover of homes. Including, but going beyond, the much-adored Spanish style (in its many manifestations) and Mission Revival, the book features as well the Victorian of San Francisco's Painted Lady and Eureka's Queen Anne, Monterey Colonial, California Arts & Crafts, French Chateau, classic Colonial farm house, and more. All new color photography of 25 houses in California ranging in style from Spanish Colonial Revival, Mission, Victorian, Queen Anne, California Arts & Crafts, Monterey, French Chateau, Colonial Farm House. The book includes little known California work by well known architect Stanford White, known primarily for his East Coast work (designer of the original Penn Station with McKim, Mead & White, and original Madison Square Garden, and many others); as well as the Magdelena Zanone House (Queen Anne late Victorian style home in Eureka, CA); the Murphy House, San Francisco (Classic French Chateau); a Gothic Victorian 1860s home in Sonoma; Casa Amesti (Monterey style home); "El Cerrito" designed by Russel Ray and Winsor Soule and built in 1913 in Santa Barbara (an amalgam of Mission and Spanish Colonial Revival); the Frothingham House designed by George Washington Smith in 1922 (Spanish Colonial Rev.); Cuartro Ventos House by Reginald Johnson, 1929 in Santa Barbara; William Edwards House by Roland E. Coate, Sr. in San Marino, 1926; Robinson House by Greene and Greene in Pasadena, 1905; Sack House in Berkeley (California Arts & Crafts) Brune-Reutlinger House in San Francisco (classic Painted Lady Victorian); a colonial mid-19th cent farm house in Sonoma; "Mariposa," classic Spanish style in Montecito; The Marston House in San Diego (Arts & Crafts/Tudoresque); Rancho Los Alamos De Santa Elena in Los Alamos (Span. Col. Rev.); Pepper Hill Farm in Balard.. Genre: Nonfiction,Architecture.
Title: Deep-Sky Companions: The Caldwell Objects. Author: Stephen James O'Meara, Description: For more than two centuries, amateur astronomers have earned their stripes by observing the 109 star clusters, nebulae, and galaxies cataloged by French comet hunter Charles Messier. Sir Patrick Moore has compiled a new list of 109 deep-sky delights, the Caldwell Catalog, which covers the entire celestial sphere. Stephen James O'Meara has observed all 109 Caldwell objects and Deep Sky Companions presents his beautiful sketches and detailed visual descriptions and discusses each object's rich history and astrophysical significance. The latest fundamental data on each object are tabulated, and the book's star charts will lead observers to each object's precise location. Stephen James O'Meara is known worldwide for his precise drawings of astronomical objects as seen through the telescope. Among his many astronomical achievements, he was the first to sight Halley's Comet on its 1985 return; he noticed the dark spokes in Saturn's B ring before the Voyager 1 spacecraft imaged them; and he was the first person to determine the rotation period of the distant planet Uranus. The International Astronomical Union named asteroid 3637 O'Meara in his honor. He is also the author of Deep Sky Companions: The Messier Objects (Cambridge, 1998) and co-author with his wife, Donna Donovan O'Meara, of Volcanoes: Passion and Fury (Sky Publishing, 1994).. Genre: Science,Astronomy,Science.
Title: Beyond Star Trek: From Alien Invasions to the End of Time. Author: Lawrence M. Krauss, Description: In the bestselling ,The Physics of Star Trek, ,the renowned theoretical physicist Lawrence Krauss took readers on an entertaining and eye-opening tour of the ,Star Trek, universe to see how it stacked up against the real universe. Now, responding to requests for more as well as to a number of recent exciting discoveries in physics and astronomy, Krauss takes a provocative look at how the laws of physics relate to notions from our popular culture -- not only ,Star Trek,, but other films, shows, and popular lore -- from ,Independence Day, to ,Star Wars, to ,The X-Files.,What's the difference between a flying saucer and a flying pretzel?,Why didn't the aliens in ,Independence Day ,have to bother invading Earth to destroy it?,What's new with warp drives?,What's the most likely scenario for doomsday?,Are ESP and telekinesis impossible?,What do clairvoyance and time travel have in common?,How might quantum mechanics ultimately affect the fate of life in the universe?. Genre: Science,Media Tie In,Star Trek,Nonfiction,Science,Physics,Reference,Science Fiction Fantasy,Science,Popular Science,Writing,Essays,Culture,Pop Culture.
Title: The Night Sky Observer's Guide : Vol. 1. Author: George Robert Kepple,Glen W. Sanner, Description: Amateur astronomers today are exceptionally fortunate to be living in an era when high quality, and very large, optics are so affordable. In the first half of the 20th century the telescope deluxe for the amateur was the 6-inch refractor. However, such telescopes were so expensive that very few amateurs could afford them: the majority of stargazers had to content themselves with instruments in the 60mm range. Consequently, most observing guides published during that time emphasized double and multiple stars, with honorable mention for variable stars and planetary nebulae, objects which do well in long focal length refractors. Webb's 1858 Celestial Objects for Common Telescopes and Olcott's 1936 Field Book of the Skies were not superceded for so many decades simply because the average amateur instrument did not dramatically improve during the century after Webb. By the 1950s the mass-produced or homemade 6-inch parabolic mirror brought medium-sized optics into the price range of the average amateur, and with it the emission nebulae, open clusters, and galaxies that had been seen only as amorphous blobs-if seen at all-in small refractors. The The 1948 Skalnate Pleso Atlas of the Heavens had already displaced the classic Norton's Star Atlas as the frontline sky-chart for amateurs, but the observing guides badly needed rewriting. However, not until the 1970s and Burnham's Celestial Handbook was there an observing guide worthy of the 6-in. Genre: Science,Astronomy,Science,Reference.
Title: The Artist's Complete Guide to Facial Expression. Author: Gary Faigin, Description: This instructional and reference manual is a visual index of facial expressions. It centres on the muscles of expression and their effects as a basis for understanding and analyzing those expressions they see on models and in photographs. Artists will be aided in understanding expression and in creating expression. The book is organized around three parts - part one analyzes the basic structures of the head, the fundamental forms of the skull and recurring proportions, all in preparation for understanding full facial expression in part three. Part two describes the muscles of expression in the three key parts of the face. In part three, the basic facial forms from part two are combined to form the six basic human expressions - joy, sadness, anger, fear, disgust and surprise. Each expression is depicted in steadily increasing intensity. Examples of facial images are drawn from a variety of photographic art and artistic sources.. Genre: Art,Art,Drawing,Nonfiction,Reference,Sequential Art,Comics,Psychology,Design,Art,Crafts,Art,Art Design.
Title: Natural Hormonal Enhancement. Author: Rob Faigin, Description: DOUBLE VALUE PACK of Recent research has demonstrated that aging, health, and body composition are more closely interrelated than previously suspected, and hormones are the unifying factor. This realization presents the thrilling prospect of using one grand strategy to attack all three areas simultaneously - to arrest aging, while achieving super-health, while at the same time permanently eliminating excess body fat and enhancing lean body mass., Natural Hormonal Enhancement advances this grand strategy in a detailed, concise, step-by-step form that anyone can easily understand and follow. Available for immediate shipment (subject to stock level). ORDER Today!. Genre: Health,Health,Nutrition,Nonfiction.
Title: Burnham's Celestial Handbook: An Observer's Guide to the Universe Beyond the Solar System, Volume 1: Andromeda Through Cetus. Author: Robert Burnham Jr., Description: The three volume "Burnham's Celestial Handbook" series provides a constellation based, detailed and comprehensive guide to tens of thousands of celestial objects outside our solar system. The information presented includes: definitions, names, historical background, coordinates, classifications, physical descriptions, maps, charts, sketches, and observing guides. All told in an engaging manner.,The series became an instant success with amateur astronomers, and remained so for decades. While it is now dated, it is still a popular source of information.,Volume One lists the constellations from Andromeda to Cetus.. Genre: Science,Astronomy,Science,Reference,Space,Textbooks,Nonfiction,Reference,Guides,Science,Physics,Environment,Nature,Esoterica,Astrology.
Title: Burnham's Celestial Handbook: An Observer's Guide to the Universe Beyond the Solar System, Volume 3: Pavo Through Vulpecula. Author: Robert Burnham Jr., Description: The three volume "Burnham's Celestial Handbook" series provides a constellation based, detailed and comprehensive guide to tens of thousands of celestial objects outside our solar system. The information presented includes: definitions, names, historical background, coordinates, classifications, physical descriptions, maps, charts, sketches, and observing guides. All told in an engaging manner.,The series became an instant success with amateur astronomers, and remained so for decades. While it is now dated, it is still a popular source of information.,Volume Three lists the constellations from Pavo to Vulpecula.. Genre: Science,Astronomy,Science,Space,Reference,Textbooks.
Title: Tales of the Kingdom. Author: David R. Mains,Karen Burton Mains,Jack Stockman, Description: Twelve stories centering on the adventures of two orphaned brothers who escape a polluted city ruled by an evil enchanter to seek their exiled king in the place where trees grow.. Genre: Fantasy,Christian,Fiction,Childrens,Christian Fiction,Religion,Faith,Young Adult,Religion,Religion,Christianity,Classics.
Title: Fantasy Roleplaying Gamer's Bible. Author: Sean Patrick Fannon,Aaron Acevedo, Description: Here is everything players need to know to embark on an incredible gaming odyssey. Step-by-step guidelines explain how to get started, and game overviews across the genres cover all the options, even online. Includes a "game-o-pedia" reference (the most comprehensive glossary ever published on the subject) and other valuable resources.. Genre: Games,Gaming,Games,Role Playing Games,Nonfiction.
Title: Introduction to Reliable and Secure Distributed Programming. Author: Christian Cachin,Rachid Guerraoui,Luís Rodrigues, Description: The scope of this second edition of the introduction to fundamental distributed programming abstractions has been extended to cover Byzantine fault tolerance . It includes algorithms to implement these abstractions in vulnerable distributed systems.. Genre: Science,Computer Science,Computer Science,Software,Computer Science,Programming,Computer Science,Technical,Science,Technology.
Title: Redcoats: The British Soldier and War in the Americas, 1755-1763. Author: Stephen Brumwell, Description: This book examines the experiences of the British Army soldiers, or 'redcoats', who fought in North America and the West Indies between 1755 and 1763. It explores the Army's distinctive society, using new evidence to provide a voice for ordinary soldiers who have previously been ignored by historians. While other books on the period concentrate upon major personalities and events, this study examines events from the perspective of the individual: the experience of combat, captivity among the Indians, the Army's women and the fate of veterans. Stephen Brumwell is a former newspaper journalist and Lecturer in Modern History at the University of Leeds and now works as a freelance writer. He is the author of scholarly articles and the co-author of The Cassell Companion to 18th Century British History (2001). Hb ISBN (2001) 0-521-80783-2. Genre: History,Military History,American Revolution,European Literature,British Literature,Nonfiction.
Title: Social Work Practice. Author: Veronica Coulshed, Description: This fourth edition of Veronica Coulshed's classic text has been meticulously revised to reflect the latest changes in social work education. Generic skills and processes such as communication and assessment are discussed alongside models and settings of practice. The relationship between theory, evidence and practice is fully explored throughout, ensuring this remains an ideal introduction for all beginning social work students as well as a handy refresher and companion for practitioners.. Genre: Social Science,Social Work.
Title: Quintessence: The Mystery of Missing Mass in the Universe. Author: Lawrence M. Krauss, Description: Will the universe continue to expand forever, reverse its expansion and begin to contract, or reach a delicately poised state where it simply persists forever? The answer depends on the amount and properties of matter in the universe, and that has given rise to one of the great paradoxes of modern cosmology: there is too little visible matter to account for the behavior we can see. Over ninety percent of the universe consists of "missing mass" or "dark matter" - what Lawrence Krauss, in his classic book, termed "the fifth essence."In this new edition of T ,he Fifth Essence, , retitled ,Quintessence, after the now widely accepted term for dark matter, Krauss shows how the dark matter problem is now connected with two of the hottest areas in recent cosmology: the fate of the universe and the "cosmological constant." With a new introduction, epilogue, and chapter updates, Krauss updates his classic for 1999 and shares one of the most stunning discoveries of recent years: an anti-gravity force that explains recent observations of a permanently expanding universe.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Science,Astronomy,Science,Popular Science.
Title: Someone Is Watching. Author: Mark A. Roeder, Description: Someone Is Watching. Someone Knows. It was a nightmare come true for seventeen-year-old Ethan. It's hard hiding a secret. It's even harder keeping that secret when someone else knows. Who is the mysterious note-writer, the secret tormentor? Who is the enemy that hides among Ethan's friends and teammates? Who holds Ethan's secret over his head, threatening to destroy his entire world? Someone Is Watching is the story of a young high school wrestler that must come to grips with being gay. He struggles first with himself, then with an unknown classmate that hounds his every step. While struggling to discover the identity of his tormentor, Ethan must discover his own identity and learn to live his life as his true self. In the end he is faced with a terrible decision. He must give up what he wants the most, or face his greatest fear of all.. Genre: Romance,M M Romance,Young Adult,LGBT,Gay,Romance,LGBT,Fiction,Contemporary,Young Adult,Coming Of Age,Sports,Sports,GLBT,Queer.
Title: Cybertypes: Race, Ethnicity, and Identity on the Internet. Author: Lisa Nakamura, Description: First published in 2002. Routledge is an imprint of Taylor & Francis, an informa company.. Genre: Race,Nonfiction,Science,Technology,Academic,Philosophy,Theory.
Title: Rosshalde. Author: Hermann Hesse, Description: Rosshalde ,is the classic story of a man torn between obligations to his family and his longing for a spiritual fulfillment that can only be found outside the confines of conventional society.,Johann Veraguth, a wealthy, successful artist, is estranged from his wife and stifled by the unhappy union. Veraguth’s love for his young son and his fear of drifting rootlessly keep him bound within the walls of his opulent estate, Rosshalde. Yet, when he is shaken by an unexpected tragedy, Veraguth finally finds the courage to leave the desolate safety of Rosshalde and travels to India to discover himself anew.. Genre: Fiction,Classics,European Literature,German Literature,Literature,Cultural,Germany,Novels,Nobel Prize,Philosophy,Literature,20th Century,Family.
Title: Pain and Its Relief Without Addiction: Clinical Issues in the Use of Opioids and Other Analgesics. Author: Barry Stimmel, Description: Pain and Its Relief Without Addiction will help people in pain understand why their pain is not always adequately relieved, as well as help reverse the failure of current medical practice to routinely alleviate pain. As noted by a 1992 publication of the United States Department of Health Services, this devastating trend contributes to unnecessary discomfort, longer recovery periods, and compromised patient outcomes. By reading this book, frustrated physicians and, perhaps more importantly, persons in pain can acquire a better understanding of the nature of pain, its connection to the emotions and psychological state of patients, and the impact particular drugs have on the body; this will facilitate relief from pain among a higher percentage of the population.Opioid analgesics comprise many of the chapters in Pain and Its Relief Without Addiction. Author Barry Stimmel, MD, describes the principles to be followed in prescribing opioid analgesics to relieve pain while maintaining one's daily activities without any limitation in function. The available opioids are described, and the differences between them are reviewed to allow you--as a physician, health care provider, or even a patient--to gain a better insight into the one(s) to use for both acute and chronic pain states. The point that is emphasized is that dependency on an analgesic to relieve pain is no different than dependency on medications to lower blood pressure, prevent heart attacks, treat diabetes, etc. What should be avoided is "addiction," a condition where function is impaired rather than enhanced.Pain and Its Relief Without Addiction is a guidebook designed to assist physicians and other health professionals in developing a practical approach to pain management and to give patients a fuller understanding of their pain. You'll gain specific information about:,management of acute and chronic pain,pain in children,pain and cancer,pain and AIDS,psychological support of persons in pain,theories of pain perception,the anatomy of painIn Pain and Its Relief Without Addiction, you'll learn the basic concepts of drug dependence, tolerance, and withdrawal, the pharmacological actions and side effects of drugs used to provide analgesia, and the fundamental steps to be taken in proper pharmacological treatment of pain. The book produces more effective and more informed communication among physicians, other health professionals, and patients so that together they can achieve better pain relief. As Pain and Its Relief Without Addiction illustrates, it is crucial that both patients and physicians understand clearly the terms describing drug use and the behavioral, biochemical, and cellular concepts underlying dependence, tolerance, and withdrawal. Finally, you will acquire a knowledge of all the potential causes of pain and the appropriate steps for intervention.Medical students, new practitioners, and those wishing to reconsider their approaches to pain management will benefit from the book's coverage of general principles for pain control, the use of drug combinations to provide the most effective relief, methods for treating pain in different populations (such as the elderly and persons with chronic medical conditions), and alternative options for failed treatment. The scope of Pain and Its Relief Without Addiction reaches from nonprescription medications, such as aspirin, to NSAIDS, like ibuprofen, to narcotic analgesics to stimulants such as amphetamines and caffeine. It is the most comprehensive book available on various drugs, their desired effects and side effects, and their use to alleviate pain.. Genre: nan.
Title: Woman's Institute Library Of Dressmaking - Tailored Garments - Essentials Of Tailoring, Tailored Buttonholes, Buttons, And Trimmings, Tailored Pockets, Tailored Seams And Plackets, Tailored Skirts, Tailored Blouses And Frocks, Tailored Suits, Coats, And C. Author: Mary Brooks Picken, Description: Many of the earliest books, particularly those dating back to the 1900s and before, are now extremely scarce and increasingly expensive. We are republishing many of these classic works in affordable, high quality, modern editions, using the original text and artwork.. Genre: Crafts,Sewing.
Title: Realms of the Dragons II. Author: Philip Athans,Kameron M. Franklin,Jaleigh Johnson,Ed Gentry,Murray J.D. Leeder,James P. Davis,Rosemary Jones,Erik Scott de Bie,Harley Stroh,J.L.     Collins,Jim Pitrat,Erin Tettensor, Description: An all-new anthology showcasing dragons of the FORGOTTEN REALMS,world and featuring new authors. ,This anthology features a range of stories by authors new to the Forgotten Realms setting writing about dragons. It fleshes out many details from Richard Lee Byers's Year of Rogue Dragons trilogy and features art work by award winning artist Matt Stawicki.. Genre: Dungeons and Dragons,Forgotten Realms,Fantasy,Fiction,Anthologies,Role Playing Games,Dungeons and Dragons,Short Stories,Anthologies,Collections,Fantasy,Dragons.
Title: Tales Out of Dunwich. Author: Robert M. Price,Harper Williams,Jack Williamson,Nancy A. Collins,Stanley C. Sargent,Brian McNaughton,Richard A. Lupoff,Don D'Ammassa,Gerard E. Giannattasio,Eddy C. Bertin, Description: This anthology, edited by Robert M. Price, is set in and around H. P. Lovecraft's fictional locale. The contributors are Jack Williamson, Stanley C. Sargent, Brian McNaughton, Richard A. Lupoff, Don D'Ammassa, Nancy A. Collins, Gerard E. Giannattasio, Eddy C. Bertin, and Price himself.,The anthology will also include a complete novel by Harper Williams, The Thing in the Woods (1924) which provided the original inspiration for Lovecraft's "The Dunwich Horror.",Table Of Contents:,Harper Williams, The Thing in the Woods.,Jack Williamson, "The Mark of the Monster",Nancy A. Collins, "The Thing from Lover's Lane",Robert M. Price, "Acute Spiritual Fear",Stanley C. Sargent, "Black Brat of Dunwich",Brian McNaughton, "The Dunwich Lodger",Richard A. Lupoff, "The Doom that Came to Dunwich",Don D'Ammassa, "The Dunwich Gate",Gerard E. Giannattasio, "The N-Scale Horror",Eddy C. Bertin, "Dunwich Dreams, Dunwich Screams". Genre: Horror,Horror,Lovecraftian.
Title: The Secret War. Author: Matt Myklusch, Description: Jack Blank is living the dream as a celebrity superhero-in-training in the Imagine Nation. Unfortunately, Jack's dream has a nightmare lurking under the surface- a shocking connection to the enemy supersoldier Revile, and a deadly Rüstov plot he can't tell anyone about... not even his closest friends.,When the heroes of the Imagine Nation discover that an attack by Rüstov sleeper agents is imminent, Jack is forced to trust his friends in a race against the clock to fight back mass hysteria, find the enemy spies, and thwart the Rüstov plans in time to prevent a devastating invasion.. Genre: Fantasy,Science Fiction,Adventure,Fiction,Childrens,Middle Grade,Comics,Superheroes,Young Adult,Audiobook,Action,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: The Memory of Bones: Body, Being, and Experience Among the Classic Maya. Author: Stephen Houston,Karl A. Taube,David   Stuart, Description: Three leading experts on the Maya marshal a vast array of evidence from Mayan iconography and hieroglyphic writing, as well as archaeological findings, to argue that the Maya developed a coherent approach to the human body that we can recover and understand today.. Genre: History.
Title: A Queer History of the United States. Author: Michael Bronski, Description: Winner of a 2012 Stonewall Book Award in nonfiction,The first book to cover the entirety of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender history, from pre-1492 to the present.,In the 1620s, Thomas Morton broke from Plymouth Colony and founded Merrymount, which celebrated same-sex desire, atheism, and interracial marriage. Transgender evangelist Jemima Wilkinson, in the early 1800s, changed her name to “Publick Universal Friend,” refused to use pronouns, fought for gender equality, and led her own congregation in upstate New York. In the mid-nineteenth century, internationally famous Shakespearean actor Charlotte Cushman led an openly lesbian life, including a well-publicized “female marriage.” And in the late 1920s, Augustus Granville Dill was fired by W. E. B. Du Bois from the NAACP’s magazine the ,Crisis, after being arrested for a homosexual encounter. These are just a few moments of queer history that Michael Bronski highlights in this groundbreaking book. ,  , Intellectually dynamic and endlessly provocative, ,A Queer History of the United States, is more than a “who’s who” of queer history: it is a book that radically challenges how we understand American history. Drawing upon primary documents, literature, and cultural histories, noted scholar and activist Michael Bronski charts the breadth of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender history, from 1492 to the 1990s, and has written a testament to how the LGBT experience has profoundly shaped our country, culture, and history. ,  ,A Queer History of the United States, abounds with startling examples of unknown or often ignored aspects of American history—the ineffectiveness of sodomy laws in the colonies, the prevalence of cross-dressing women soldiers in the Civil War, the impact of new technologies on LGBT life in the nineteenth century, and how rock music and popular culture were, in large part, responsible for the devastating backlash against gay rights in the late 1970s. Most striking, Bronski documents how, over centuries, various incarnations of social purity movements have consistently attempted to regulate all sexuality, including fantasies, masturbation, and queer sex. Resisting these efforts, same-sex desire flourished and helped make America what it is today. ,  , At heart, ,A Queer History of the United States, is simply about American history. It is a book that will matter both to LGBT people and heterosexuals. This engrossing and revelatory history will make readers appreciate just how queer America really is. . Genre: History,Nonfiction,LGBT,GLBT,Queer,Social Movements,Social Justice,North American Hi...,American History,Historical,Politics,Feminism,LGBT,Gay.
Title: Tales of the Dancing Dragon: Stories of the Tao. Author: Eva Wong, Description: Here, Taoist practitioner Eva Wong offers a colorful treatment of the history and evolution of Taoism, told through traditional teaching tales. These tales, which Wong first heard as a child growing up in Hong Kong, are gleaned from the local storytellers and the uncensored chronicles known as ,yeshi,—the wild history of China, not monitored by the official imperial scholars and historians. The stories are by turns mysterious and intriguing, passionate and violent, and they are peppered with colorful characters, including hermits, politicians, social activists, revolutionaries, scholars, scientists, and mystics.,Arranged chronologically from prehistory through the early twentieth century, these stories introduce the schools in the Taoist lineages, and capture the defeats and victories of Taoism, its periods of decadence and decay, and its renewal, maturation, and spiritual triumph. Wong puts these stories into context, and shows that Taoism is a dynamic spiritual tradition, constantly changing—and being influenced by—history.. Genre: Religion,Nonfiction,Cultural,China,Religion,Taoism,Philosophy.
Title: Gardening with the Native Plants of Tennessee: The Spirit of Place. Author: Margie Hunter, Description: “An invaluable resource for the home or commercial gardener who wishes to plant native species.”—Edward W. Chester, Austin Peay State University,The natural landscape of Tennessee represents a unique treasure for gardeners and nature lovers. Encompassing several geographically distinctive regions, from the 6,000-foot peaks of the Unaka Mountains to the swampy floodplain of the Mississippi River, the state boasts nearly 3,000 native plant species. This stunning diversity of life owes much to Tennessee’s prime location at the crossroads of mountain and prairie ecosystems and in the transition area between northern and southern climate patterns.,In Gardening with the Native Plants of Tennessee, Margie Hunter gives gardeners the knowledge they need in order to nurture this natural heritage in their own gardens. Beginning with a survey of the state’s ecology—including geology, geography, plant life and animal species—Hunter takes a holistic approach to the process of gardening with native plants. The book’s main section provides detailed accounts of 450 species of wildflowers, ferns, grasses, vines, shrubs, and trees native to Tennessee and adjacent states. These descriptions, arranged according to plant type, include both scientific and common name, flowering and fruiting times, propagation methods, soil and light requirements, and distribution patterns within the state. Nearly 400 color photographs illustrate the species discussions.,No other book designed for the home gardener includes such area-specific information on native species or such a comprehensive listing of plants. Appendixes refer readers to other sources of information and seeds, including mail-order nurseries, botanical gardens, state agencies, native plant organizations, and subject-specific conferences. A detailed bibliography also contributes to the reference value of this book for gardeners, landscapers, and nature lovers throughout Tennessee and in neighboring states.,The Author: Margie Hunter, a long-time volunteer at Cheekwood Botanical Garden, lives in Nashville.. Genre: Nonfiction,Gardening,Gardening,Horticulture,Nature,Plants.
Title: Fairie-ality: The Fashion Collection from the House of Ellwand. Author: Eugenie Bird,David Downton,David Ellwand, Description: Do you believe in fairies? How about high fashion? Enter the exquisite world of fairie fashion - where feathered hats are designed for maximum lift, oak leaf jackets boast ample wing vents, and flower-petal flats are easily removable for flight.,In the fairie world, there is only one top designer of couture and accessories . . .,Prepare to be enchanted! While humans go about their workaday lives, there is a secret world of well-dressed fairies flitting about in fragile fashions that would take your breath away - if only you could see them. Well, now you can. For the first time ever, elusive fairie couturier Ellwand allows mortals a peek at his ethereal designs in FAIRIE-ALITY, a catalogue so spectacularly crafted it befits a fairie queen herself. Showcased are nearly 150 creations - including dresses, jackets, trousers, shoes, hats, and delicate unmentionables - fashioned wholly from feathers, flower petals, shells, seeds, and other materials from nature. Consider these special features:,Extraordinary production elements, including three specially selected paper stocks; metallic inks; fold-out booklets; vellum envelope with removable fashion card; and numerous half-, third-, and quarter-pages, notably to showcase garments for a playful mix & match, offering dozens of outfits to create.,Drawings by celebrated fashion illustrator David Downton, capturing the graceful, but rarely glimpsed, fairie attired in Ellwand’s designs.,Witty and delightfully romantic captions by Eugenie Bird. ,A breathless narrative by a young fairie guiding us from The Season’s start through May Day revelry and a Fairie Tale Wedding.,Filled with authentic fairie lore that will lure fairie lovers by the legion, this superbly designed volume also offers many clever nods to human fashion history. Its fun, fanciful costume descriptions will amuse the fashion-savvy everywhere, while the stunning array of fashions themselves - a veritable dress-up dream - will leave readers of all ages spellbound.. Genre: Art,Fantasy,Couture,Fashion,Paranormal,Fairies,Childrens,Picture Books,Reference,Fiction,Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Fantasy,Mythology,Fairies,Fae.
Title: K-Pax. Author: Gene Brewer, Description: Imagine a time and space traveler from another planet. One that looks human and exemplifies the ideal world he comes from, a world free from human nature's greed and cruelty. That creature would be "prot", as he calls himself, the newest patient at the Manhattan Psychiatric Institute.,Prot seems to know more than he should about faster-than-the-speed-of-light-travel. And besides drawing constellations as viewed from K-PAX, the name of his home planet, "prot" can describe its orbit around double suns in unpublished detail. Who is "prot" and where did he really come from? Why does he have the ability to cure severe mental cases? And to disappear at will? And to charm everyone he comes into contact with?,Bizarre delusion or reality? Listen in as a psychiatrist who specializes in delusional behavior documents his sessions with the man from K-PAX.,(P)2004 Brilliance Audio, Inc.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Novels,Mystery,Psychology,Audiobook,Fantasy,Science Fiction,Aliens,Literature,American,Science Fiction Fantasy.
Title: Design Management: Managing Design Strategy, Process and Implementation. Author: Kathryn Best, Description: Design Management (the management of design strategies, processes and projects) is an intricate subject. As the role of design in the world continues to broaden, organisations are increasingly viewing design as being integral to their decision-making processes. This book leads the student through the key knowledge, practice and skill areas of design management, focusing on the strategy, process and implementation involved in the management of design. Opening with a contextual overview of the subject, this book then explores the stages involved in the application of design to business. Each topic is accompanied by key questions that get the reader to think about the issues raised, and professional case studies and interviews demonstrate the knowledge and practices described. Areas of key practical skills are outlined in order to bridge the gap between creativity management and academic theory, and professional practice. . Genre: Design,Nonfiction,Business,Management.
Title: Wayside School Is Falling Down. Author: Louis Sachar,Joel Schick, Description: Louis yard teacher starts off 30 tales of unusual students. Comic sketches precede every chapter. Todd brings a cute adorable plastic puppy who bites back when Joy steals it. Cafeteria Mrs Mush serves Mushroom Surprise that changes Ron. When Paul falls out the window, Leslie offers her pigtails to pull him back. On 19th floor, invisible Allison finds Miss Zarves' class.. Genre: Childrens,Fiction,Humor,Childrens,Middle Grade,Young Adult,Fantasy,Childrens,Juvenile,Short Stories,Academic,School,Humor,Comedy.
Title: Bollocks to Alton Towers: Uncommonly British Days Out. Author: Jason Hazeley,Alex Morris,Joel Morris, Description: The British Lawnmower Museum, Keith Harding's World of Mechanical Music and Mad Jack's Sugar Loaf. In a world of theme parks, interactive exhibits, over-priced merchandise and queues, don't worry, these are names to stir the soul. Reassuring evidence that there's still somewhere to turn in search of the small, fascinating, unique and, dammit, British.,In a stumbling journey across the country in search of the best we have to offer our intrepid heroes discovered dinosaurs in South London, a cold war castle in Essex, grown men pretending to be warships in Scarborough, unexplained tunnels under Liverpool and a terraced house in Bedford being kept warm for Jesus's return. And along the way they met the people behind them all: enthusiasts, eccentrics and, you know, those who just sort of fell into looking after a vast collection of gnomes ...,Makes you proud!. Genre: Nonfiction,Travel,Humor,European Literature,British Literature,Humor,Comedy,Reference.
Title: Mother/Daughter Plot: Narrative, Psychoanalysis, Feminism. Author: Marianne Hirsch, Description: Maternal repression is at the basis of the nineteenth-century realist novel. Only with modernism does the mother become a central figure-both celebrated and ambivalent -in daughter-artist's text and family romance. For modernist heroines, psychoanalytic theories of femininity of the 1920s and the 1930s, as well as the novels of Woolf, Colette, and Wharton, show painful oscillations and contradictions between maternal and paternal identifications. Hirsch argues that fictional and theoretical feminist writing still situates itself at uncomfortable distance from the maternal: the concrete stories of mothers are still unspeakable or as Alice Walker says, 'cruel enough to stop the blood.' They point to a feminist discourse of identity which begins with mothers and thereby reframes our conception of self, family, and plot.. Genre: Philosophy,Theory.
Title: Me! (Just Like You, Only Better). Author: Jim Benton, Description: There are more than 5 million Dear Dumb Diary books in print! ,Bestselling author Jamie Kelly is back with an all-new, all-funny diary! But she has no idea that anybody is reading it. So please, please, please don't tell her. ,Dear Dumb Diary, ,I went five whole days without seeing or hearing from Angeline. I was beginning to get used to it. It's true that I have learned to overlook many of Angeline's flaws, like her flawlessness, but she can still be difficult to be around. Like when she's lit perfectly, for example. ,To my extreme credit, I have learned to pretend to ignore Angeline's failure to not be perfect.. Genre: Humor,Childrens,Childrens,Middle Grade,Realistic Fiction,Fiction,Diary,Childrens,Juvenile,Humor,Comedy,Contemporary,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels.
Title: Project: Soul Catcher: Secrets of Cyber and Cybernetic Warfare Revealed. Author: Robert Duncan, Description: Volume 2 details the CIA's practices of interrogation and cybernetic mind control in their pursuit to weaponize neuropsychology. It covers the art of bio-communication war. Human beings are complex machines but their inner workings have been deciphered. Mind control and brainwashing have been perfected in the last 60 years. Hacking computers and hacking into individual minds are similar. The 21st century will be known as the age of spiritual machines and soulless men.. Genre: nan.
Title: Game Development Essentials: An Introduction. Author: Jeannie Novak, Description: GAME DEVELOPMENT ESSENTIALS: AN INTRODUCTION, 3E is an authoritative, industry-driven introduction to the world of game development, with updates that keep readers current and well-prepared for a successful career in the field. This book not only examines content creation and the concepts behind development, but it also give readers a background on the evolution of game development and how it has become what it is today. GAME DEVELOPMENT ESSENTIALS also includes chapters on project management, development team roles and responsibilities, development cycle, marketing, maintenance, and the future of game development. With the same engaging writing style and examples that made the first two editions so popular, this new edition features all the latest games and game technology. Coverage of new game-related technology, development techniques, and the latest research in the field make this an invaluable resource for anyone entering the exciting, competitive, ever-changing world of game development.. Genre: Sports and Games,Games,Textbooks,Games,Game Design,Computer Science,Programming,Games,Gaming,Nonfiction.
Title: New Adventures Of Mother Goose The. Author: Bruce Lansky, Description: Lansky and Carpenter have created an all-new, funny, updated-for-today sequel to favorite Mother Goose rhymes.. Genre: Childrens,Nursery Rhymes,Poetry,Childrens,Childrens,Picture Books.
Title: Spain: A Unique History. Author: Stanley G. Payne, Description: From bloodthirsty conquest to exotic romance, stereotypes of Spain abound. This new volume by distinguished historian Stanley G. Payne draws on his half-century of experience to offer a balanced, broadly chronological survey of Spanish history from the Visigoths to the present. Who were the first “Spaniards”? Is Spain a fully Western country? Was Spanish liberalism a failure? Examining Spain’s unique role in the larger history of Western Europe, Payne reinterprets key aspects of the country’s history.,    Topics include Muslim culture in the peninsula, the Spanish monarchy, the empire, and the relationship between Spain and Portugal. Turning to the twentieth century, Payne discusses the Second Republic and the Spanish Civil War. The book’s final chapters focus on the Franco regime, the nature of Spanish fascism, and the special role of the military. Analyzing the figure of Franco himself, Payne seeks to explain why some Spaniards still regard him with respect, while many others view the late dictator with profound loathing.,    Framed by reflections on the author’s own formation as a Hispanist and his evaluation of the controversy about “historical memory” in contemporary Spain, this volume offers deeply informed insights into both the history and the historiography of a unique country.,A, Choice ,Outstanding Academic Book,Best Books for General Audiences, selected by the Public Library Association. Genre: History,Cultural,Spain,Nonfiction.
Title: Hunted. Author: Adam Slater, Description: Once every century, the barrier between the human world and the demon realm begins to break down. Creatures gather, anxiously waiting to cross the divide, to bring death and destruction from their world to ours. This time is called The Shadowing.,Callum Scott has always known that there is a supernatural world out there—he’s seen ghosts for as long as he can remember. Lately, he’s had visions of children being brutally murdered by a terrifying creature. Then the visions start coming true, and Callum realizes that he’s being hunted, too. ,Driven by a dark destiny, he must stand against the demons that threaten our world. ,And The Shadowing is almost here. . . .. Genre: Horror,Fantasy,Paranormal,Young Adult,Fantasy,Fantasy,Supernatural,Paranormal,Ghosts,Fiction,Paranormal,Demons,Mystery,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: Empire of Ruins. Author: Arthur Slade, Description: Secret agent Modo's next assignment? Find ancient Egyptian ruins hidden deep in the Australian jungle and the mysterious God Face, rumoured to be a powerful weapon—anyone who looks upon it will be driven mad. And he must find the God Face before the evil Clockwork Guild does!. Genre: Science Fiction,Steampunk,Fantasy,Young Adult,Historical,Historical Fiction,Adventure,Mystery,Science Fiction,Historical,Fiction,Cultural,Canada.
Title: Entertainment for Education: Digital Techniques and Systems: 5th International Conference on E-Learning and Games, Edutainment 2010, Changchun, China, August 16-18, 2010, Proceedings. Author: Xiaopeng Zhang, Description: With the technical advancement of digital media and the medium of communication in recent years, there is a widespread interest in digital entertainment. An emerging te- nical research area edutainment, or educational entertainment, has been accepted as education using digital entertainment. Edutainment has been recognized as an eff- tive way of learning using modern digital media tools, like computers, games, mobile phones, televisions, or other virtual reality applications, which emphasizes the use of entertainment with application to the education domain. The Edutainment conference series was established in 2006 and subsequently - ganized as a special event for researchers working in this new interest area of e-learning and digital entertainment. The main purpose of Edutainment conferences is to facilitate the discussion, presentation, and information exchange of the scientific and technological development in the new community. The Edutainment conference series becomes a valuable opportunity for researchers, engineers, and graduate s- dents to communicate at these international annual events. The conference series - cludes plenary invited talks, workshops, tutorials, paper presentation tracks, and panel discussions. The Edutainment conference series was initiated in Hangzhou, China in 2006. Following the success of the first event, the second (Edutainment 2007 in Hong Kong, China), third (Edutainment 2008 in Nanjing, China), and fourth editions (Edutainment 2009 in Banff, Canada) were organized. Edutainment 2010 was held during August 16-18, 2010 in Changchun, China. Two workshops were jointly org- ized together with Edutainment 2010.. Genre: nan.
Title: Modern Homestead: Grow, Raise, Create. Author: Renee Wilkinson, Description: Sixth-generation gardener Renee Wilkinson embraces the old school while adding a bit of funk in this savvy-smart guide to homesteading. From a windowsill to a sprawling backyard, these are all places we can grow vegetables, make homes for animals, and fill our cupboards with canned decadence, all the while flashing our personal style and taste.. Genre: Gardening,Nonfiction,Food and Drink,Food,Environment,Sustainability.
Title: The Blue Planet: An Introduction to Earth System Science. Author: Brian J. Skinner,Stephen C. Porter,Daniel B. Botkin, Description:    ,The Blue Planet: An Introduction to Earth System Sciences, ,, 3rd Edition is an innovative text for the earth systems science course. It treats earth science from a systems perspective, now showing the five spheres and how they are interrelated. There are many photos and figures in the text to develop a strong understanding of the material presented. This along with the new media for instructors makes this a strong text for any earth systems science course.. Genre: Science,Environment,Science,Earth Sciences.
Title: World of Darkness: Ghost Stories. Author: Rick Chillot,Matt Forbeck, Description: "For use with the World of Darkness rulebook"--P. [4] cover.. Genre: Games,Role Playing Games,Games,Gaming,Role Playing Games,World Of Darkness,Fantasy.
Title: Any Given Sunday. Author: Mari Carr, Description: Sean loves Lauren. Chad loves Sean. Lauren loves Sean and Chad.,When an opportunity arises for the threesome to explore their deep desires, they plunge into a sex-filled, emotionally charged ménage. Long-buried feelings are revealed, changing their lives irrevocably.,Whether for better or worse, only Sean, Chad and Lauren can decide.,Any Given Sunday is the seventh book in New York Times bestselling author Mari Carr’s Wild Irish series.. Genre: Romance,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Erotica,Menage,Erotica,BDSM,Menage,M M F,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Contemporary,Romance,Erotic Romance,Adult,Romance,M M Romance.
Title: Perrine's Literature: Structure, Sound, and Sense. Author: Thomas R. Arp, Description: An authoritative bestseller for over fifty years, PERRINE'S LITERATURE: STRUCTURE, SOUND, AND SENSE continues to be an essential and highly effective introduction to literature for today's students. Written for students beginning a serious study of literature, the text introduces the fundamental elements of fiction, poetry, and drama in a concise and engaging way, addressing vital questions that other texts tend to ignore, such as "Is some literature better?" and "How can it be evaluated?" A remarkable selection of classic, modern, and contemporary readings serves to illustrate the elements of literature and ensure broad appeal to students of diverse backgrounds and interests.. Genre: Reference,Literature,Poetry,Nonfiction,Textbooks,Anthologies,Academic,School,Young Adult,High School,Humanities,Language,Classics.
Title: The British Museum Is Falling Down. Author: David Lodge, Description: Literature is mostly about having sex and not having children. Life is the other way around...,And that, precisely, is the dilemma that preoccupies Adam Appleby as he begins another day of research in the Reading Room of the British Museum. Adam is a graduate student in literature and a practicing Catholic in the days before the Pill. He is also married, has three children, and is not looking forward to the possiblity of a fourth.,On this foggy day in London, however, work and life conspire against him. As Adam makes his bumbling way through a series of misadventures that do little to alleviate his anxiety, the reader is treated to a hilarious and heartfelt tour of academia that only David Lodge could have created.. Genre: Fiction,Humor,European Literature,British Literature,Contemporary,Novels,Literature,20th Century,Humor,Comedy,Literature,Literature,English Literature,Religion.
Title: New Rhymes For Bedtime. Author: Bruce Lansky, Description: Lansky's gently humorous rhymes are an entertaining read for both parent and child, in this all-new board book form. Includes "Twinkle, Twinkle", "Rock-a-Bye Baby", "Star Light, Star Bright", "Wee Willie Winkie", and more.. Genre: nan.
Title: Mark 947: A Life Shaped by God, Gender and Force of Will. Author: Calpernia Sarah Addams, Description: Mark 947, chronicles one woman’s progress from spirit to flesh, a literal transubstantiation by force of will. Born a boy to loving but religious parents in the rural heartland of Tennessee, Calpernia Addams found her way on an unlighted path from forbidden dreams to fulfillment as a scholar, showgirl and eventually, as a woman.,Sultry stage siren by night, intellectual chameleon by day, she worked her way to the top of Nashville’s underground entertainment scene without ever succumbing to drugs, alcohol or bitterness, and through it all never lost her heart. When love walked into her new life in the form of a handsome young Army private, it seemed everything had at last come together. Then at the pinnacle of her career, as she was crowned Tennessee Entertainer of the Year in front of hundreds of adoring fans, her love was murdered in his sleep sixty miles away by bigoted fellow soldiers, sparking a national controversy that resonates still.,Whether ablaze in the dazzle of the spotlight or haunting the woods of Tennessee in flannel and pigtails, Calpernia lives her life with the humor and spirit of a woman who can face anything and still move forward with hope intact.. Genre: Autobiography,Memoir,LGBT,Nonfiction,Biography,LGBT,Transgender.
Title: Behind the Palace Walls. Author: Lynn Raye Harris, Description: Alone and scared on the dark streets of Moscow, staid, bespectacled Paige Barnes has no choice but to comply with the handsome stranger's command....,Little does Paige know she's been rescued by Alexei Voronov--a Russian prince ,and, her boss's deadliest rival. Now he has Paige unexpectedly in his sights, Alexei is prepared to play emotional Russian roulette to keep her close and discover her true motives. But in his splendid gilded palace his game of chance spins out of control and passion takes over....,It's only when she's back home that Paige realizes she's pregnant with the prince's baby..... Genre: Category Romance,Harlequin,Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin Presents,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Contemporary,Adult,Cultural,Russia,Fiction,Harlequin,Harlequin Romance,Audiobook.
Title: Against Gravity. Author: Farnoosh Moshiri, Description: Set in Houston in the mid-1980s, ,Against Gravity, is a harrowing story of three lives colliding— Madison Kirby, an angry, dying intellectual; Ric Cardinal, a social worker dedicated to helping others but tormented by the son he cannot save; and Roya, a struggling Iranian immigrant who has traveled for years through the war-torn Middle East to arrive in Texas to eke out the most tenuous life for herself and her daughter. They each tell of their own lives, yet as their stories intertwine a portrait of shared struggle and loss emerges. A devastating and beautiful novel. , “AGAINST GRAVITY is an intense novel, ambitious in its reach, intriguing in its structural complexity and the sophistication of its narration. It is the highly satisfying work of a mature writer that will leave the reader wanting more. I enjoyed it.”, —Nuruddin Farah, author of ,Links,, and the ,Blood in the Sun, Trilogy. Genre: Fiction,Contemporary.
Title: Separate Roads to Feminism: Black, Chicana, and White Feminist Movements in America's Second Wave. Author: Benita Roth, Description: This book is about the development of white women's liberation, black feminism and Chicana feminism in the 1960s and 1970s, the era known as the "second wave" of U.S. feminist protest. Benita Roth explores the ways that feminist movements emerged from the Civil Rights/Black Liberation movement, the Chicano movement, and the white left, and the processes that supported political organizing decisions made by feminists. She traces the effects that inequality had on the possibilities for feminist unity and explores how ideas common to the left influenced feminist organizing.. Genre: Feminism,History,Nonfiction,Gender,Politics,Womens,Race,Feminism,Womens Studies,Academic,Read For School,Cultural,African American.
Title: Compelled to Crime: The Gender Entrapment of Battered, Black Women. Author: Beth Richie, Description: First published in 1996. Routledge is an imprint of Taylor & Francis, an informa company.. Genre: Nonfiction,Feminism,Race,Sociology,Gender,Feminism,Womens Studies.
Title: The Train. Author: Georges Simenon,Robert Baldick, Description: Against all expectations Marcel Ferón has made a “normal” life in a bucolic French suburb in the Ardennes. But on May 10, 1940, as Nazi tanks approach, this timid, happy man must abandon his home and confront the “Fate” that he has secretly awaited. Separated from his pregnant wife and young daughter in the chaos of flight, he joins a freight car of refugees hurtling southward ahead of the pursuing invaders. There, he meets Anna, a sad-looking, dark- haired girl, whose accent is “neither Belgian nor German,” and who “seemed foreign to everything around her.” As the mystery of Anna’s identity is gradually revealed, Marcel leaps from the heights of an exhilarating freedom to the depths of a terrifying responsibility—one that will lead him to a blood-chilling decision. ,When it first appeared in English in 1964, British novelist and critic Brigid Brophy declared ,The Train ,to be “the novel his admirers had been expecting all along from Simenon.” Until ,The Train,, she wrote, the dazzlingly prolific novelist had been “a master without a masterpiece.”. Genre: Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,War,World War II,Cultural,France,Mystery,Novels,War,Classics,Historical,Literary Fiction.
Title: Matzo Balls for Breakfast: and Other Memories of Growing Up Jewish. Author: Alan King, Description: For everyone who treasures their heritage and loves a good story,, Matzo Balls for Breakfast, ,now available in paperback, is an inspiring collection of personal remembrances from a wide range of people who share their fondest memories of growing up Jewish, collected by one of America's most beloved Jewish entertainers, bestselling author, television and movie personality, the recently deceased Alan King.,Alan King—the beloved comic, actor, producer, author, philanthropist, and storyteller extraordinaire—has compiled a wonderfully readable book about growing up Jewish, with totally original contributions by famous people. Combining warmhearted humor with a prideful nostalgia, these essays discuss life in the Jewish family and neighborhood, being a Jew in a non-Jewish world, Jewish holidays, and discovering the essence of being Jewish.. Genre: Judaism,Judaica,Autobiography,Memoir.
Title: Imagining America: Influence and Images in Twentieth-Century Russia: Influence and Images in Twentieth-Century Russia. Author: Alan M. Ball, Description: In Imagining America, historian Alan M. Ball explores American influence in two newborn Russian states: the young Soviet Union and the modern Russian Republic. Ball deftly illustrates how in each era Russians have approached the United States with a conflicting mix of ideas--as a land to admire from afar, to shun at all costs, to emulate as quickly as possible, or to surpass on the way to a superior society. Drawing on a wide variety of sources including contemporary journals, newspapers, films, and popular songs, Ball traces the shifting Russian perceptions of American cultural, social, and political life. As he clearly demonstrates, throughout their history Russian imaginations featured a United States that political figures and intellectuals might embrace, exploit, or attack, but could not ignore.. Genre: History.
Title: Raft. Author: Stephen Baxter, Description: Alternate-cover edition can be found ,here, ,Stephen Baxter's highly acclaimed first novel and the beginning of his stunning Xeelee Sequence. A spaceship from Earth accidentally crossed through a hole in space-time to a universe where the force of gravity is one billion times as strong as the gravity we know. Somehow the crew survived, aided by the fact that they emerged into a cloud of gas surrounding a black hole, which provided a breathable atmosphere. Five hundred years later, their descendants still struggle for existence, divided into two main groups. The Miners live on the Belt, a ramshackle ring of dwellings orbiting the core of a dead star, which they excavate for raw materials. These can be traded for food from the Raft, a structure built from the wreckage of the ship, on which a small group of scientists preserve the ancient knowledge which makes survival possible. Rees is a Miner whose curiosity about his world makes him stow away on a flying tree—just one of the many strange local lifeforms—carrying trade between the Belt and the Raft.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Space,Space Opera,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Novels,Space,Speculative Fiction,Science Fiction,Aliens.
Title: Flux. Author: Stephen Baxter, Description: Imagine a race of submicroscopic humans, genetically engineered to live in the universe's most hostile environment, the turbulent superfluid mantle of a neutron star,Imagine that the memory of the superbeings who created them has been kept alive from generation to generation.,Now imagine the most incredible family reunion in history--and you're ready for the latest mind-expanding adventure ,Star humans were engineered to exist within the mantle of a star, mere tools of their Earth-evolved makers in a war against the Xeelee, owners of the universe. Stephen Baxter's third novel in his magnificent Xeelee Sequence is an exotic and endearing story of an abandoned people.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Space,Space Opera,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Speculative Fiction,Novels.
Title: History of Germany 1780-1918: The Long Nineteenth Century. Author: David Blackbourn, Description: This history offers a powerful and original account of Germany from the eve of the French Revolution to the end of World War One.,Written by a leading German historian who has transformed the historiography of modern Germany over the past two decades.,Covers the whole of the long nineteenth century and emphasizes continuities through this period.,Brings together political, social and cultural history.,Combines a comprehensive account with a feel for the human dimension and the history of everyday life.,Accessible to non-specialists, thought-provoking and entertaining.,The updated second edition includes a revised bibliography.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,History,European History,Politics,Cultural,Germany,Literature,19th Century.
Title: Wildflower. Author: Laura Taylor, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: Silverhair. Author: Stephen Baxter, Description: From Stephen Baxter, one of today's most acclaimed writers of science fiction and fantasy, comes this unforgettable saga of life and loss in the grand tradition of ,Watership Down.,For fifty thousand springs, Silverhair and her kind, the last of the woolly mammoths, have lived in a remote tundra, rimmed by ice and sea and mountain. Soon to be a mother, Silverhair looks to the future with hope. But even as her life begins, the world she loves is ending. A new menace, more vicious than any enemy, is descending upon the snowlands -- a two-legged creature that kills for joy. Desperate to save their kind, Silverhair and the matriarch, Owlheart, must travel across the glacial torrents, beyond the saw-toothed mountains. There they will seek help from the distant cousins who found their destiny in the sea, and from an enemy -- an ice-faced menace known as...the Lost.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fantasy,Fiction,Animals,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical Fiction,Prehistoric,Science Fiction Fantasy,Animals,Animal Fiction,Adventure,Historical.
Title: Visual Journaling: Going Deeper than Words. Author: Barbara Ganim,Susan E. Fox, Description: Most people who journal use words. But words come from the left brain, which interprets experiences through our learned beliefs and expectations. As this breakthrough book demonstrates, there is a more effective way to journal---using images. Simple drawings, crayon art, even doodles and stick figures can help anyone---even those who believe they "can't draw"---move beyond thought into deep reaches of feeling and intuitive knowing. Barbara Ganim and Susan Fox have developed their Visual Journaling technique into an acclaimed workshop. This book, beautifully illustrated with black and white and color drawings from the journals of students in their workshops, makes this enjoyable tool for personal exploration accessible to everyone. A six-week plan of exercises and interpretive activities teaches readers a lifelong practice that can reduce stress, explore conflicts, and overcome obstacles. Its simple techniques can help everyone gain access to "soul-based" inner wisdom.. Genre: Art,Diary,Journaling,Language,Writing,Nonfiction,Self Help,Diary,Journal,Reference,Research,Psychology.
Title: Clinical Interviewing. Author: John Sommers-Flanagan,Rita Sommers-Flanagan, Description: Includes case studies, chapter summaries, and new sections. Features an online instructor's manual. Integrates different theoretical models.. Genre: Psychology,Nonfiction,Textbooks,Psychology,Counselling,Academic,Academic,Grad School.
Title: 90 Minutes at Entebbe. Author: William Stevenson, Description: The incredible story of an Israeli mission that rescued 103 hostages from a hijacked jetliner.,On June 27, 1976, Air France Flight 139 was hijacked by terrorists and flown to Entebbe Airport in Uganda. In the following agonizing days, Israeli passengers were singled out and held hostage. A week later on July 4, one hundred Israeli commandos raced 2,500 miles from Israel to Entebbe, landed in the middle of the night, and in a heart-stopping mission that lasted ninety minutes, killed all guerillas and freed 103 hostages.,In captivating detail, Stevenson provides a fast-paced hour-by-hour narration from the hijacking to the final ninety-minute mission. In addition to discussing the incredible rescue itself, Stevenson also covers the political backdrop behind the hijacking, especially Ugandan President Idi Amin’s support for the hijackers, which marked one of the first times a leader of a nation had backed terrorist activities. An illustration of one nation’s undying spirit, heroism, and commitment to its people in the face of threat, Operation Thunderbolt has become a legendary antiterrorist tale.,Although first written in 1976 (and published within weeks of the event), Stevenson’s account presents this act of terrorism in a way that is still relevant in our modern-day political climate. A factual account of what could easily be read as sensational fiction, ,90 Minutes at Entebbe, will inspire, encourage, and instill hope in all readers.,Skyhorse Publishing, as well as our Arcade imprint, are proud to publish a broad range of books for readers interested in history--books about World War II, the Third Reich, Hitler and his henchmen, the JFK assassination, conspiracies, the American Civil War, the American Revolution, gladiators, Vikings, ancient Rome, medieval times, the old West, and much more. While not every title we publish becomes a ,New York Times, bestseller or a national bestseller, we are committed to books on subjects that are sometimes overlooked and to authors whose work might not otherwise find a home.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,War,Military Fiction,Cultural,Israel,War,Military,Military History,Cultural,Africa,Historical,War,Terrorism,Politics.
Title: Motivational Interviewing in Health Care: Helping Patients Change Behavior. Author: Stephen Rollnick,William R. Miller,Christopher C. Butler, Description: Much of health care today involves helping patients manage conditions whose outcomes can be greatly influenced by lifestyle or behavior change. Written specifically for health care professionals, this concise book presents powerful tools to enhance communication with patients and guide them in making choices to improve their health, from weight loss, exercise, and smoking cessation, to medication adherence and safer sex practices. Engaging dialogues and vignettes bring to life the core skills of motivational interviewing (MI) and show how to incorporate this brief evidence-based approach into any health care setting. Appendices include MI training resources and publications on specific medical conditions., This book is in the Applications of Motivational Interviewing series, edited by Stephen Rollnick, William R. Miller, and Theresa B. Moyers.. Genre: Psychology,Nonfiction,Health,Medicine,Health,Health,Nutrition,Medical,Nurses,Nursing,Medicine,Psychiatry,Social Science,Social Work,Education.
Title: Phase Space. Author: Stephen Baxter, Description: Phase Space: Stories from the Manifold and Elsewhere. A collection of 25 SF stories by Stephen Baxter, many thematically linked to his "Manifold" trilogy (Time, Space and Origin) and other novels of cosmic scope. "The phase space of a system is the set of all conceivable states of that system", says the first page. As with "Manifold" these stories explore possible (and significantly linked) states of Earth and the universe, alternate timelines offering different solutions to Baxter's favourite cosmological question--the Fermi Paradox. It's a simple idea.,According to our best scientific theories there's nothing special about Earth or the Solar System. Intelligent life has evolved here, ourselves. It's likely to evolve elsewhere. The skies should be full of other intelligences. Where are they? Perhaps our theories are wrong and we're in a galactic quarantine. Perhaps what we see through our telescopes is a clever fake, but supposing we overload the capabilities of the fakers? Maybe intelligence always destroys itself before crossing interstellar space, or something kindly takes emerging life away to a safer place. Perhaps there's teeming intelligence out there, but we're not listening on the right wavelength. Perhaps they're hiding...?,Contents:, * Prologue (Phase Space) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Moon-Calf (1998) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Open Loops (2000) / novelette by Stephen Baxter, * Glass Earth, Inc. (1997) / novelette by Stephen Baxter, * Poyekhali 3201 (1997) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Dante Dreams (1998) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * War Birds (1997) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Sun-Drenched (1998) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Martian Autumn (2002) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Sun God (1997) / novelette by Stephen Baxter, * Sun-Cloud (2001) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Sheena 5 [Manifold] (2000) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * The Fubar Suit [Manifold] (1997) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Grey Earth [Manifold] (2001) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Huddle [Manifold] (1999) / novelette by Stephen Baxter, * Refugium (2002) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Lost Continent (2001) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Tracks (2001) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Lines of Longitude (1997) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Barrier (1998) / novelette by Stephen Baxter (variant of The Barrier), * Marginalia (1999) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * The We Who Sing (2002) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * The Gravity Mine (2000) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Spindrift (1999) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Touching Centauri (2002) / novelette by Stephen Baxter, * The Twelfth Album (1998) / short story by Stephen Baxter, * Afterword (Phase Space) • essay by Stephen Baxter,.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Short Stories,Anthologies,Collections,Science Fiction,Hard Science Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Speculative Fiction.
Title: The Pharaoh's Daughter. Author: N.C. Allen,Nancy Campbell Allen, Description: After her gripping escapade in India, former Pinkerton spy Isabelle Webb launches a new adventure as she pursues a steamship en route to Egypt carrying two young stowaways: her teenaged ward, Sally Rhodes, and an unlucky girl named Alice Bilbey. Arriving in Suez, Isabelle and her companions recover the girls and unexpectedly encounter Isabelle's own guardian from her youth, Genevieve Montgomery. Isabelle and her friends decide to join up with Genevieve upon discovering that she is funding an expedition to a burial site near Luxor with an entourage of Egyptology experts. Unaware that their nemesis, Thaddeus Sparks, is also in Egypt as part of a jewel-hunting cadre, Isabelle's group joins the expedition under ominous signs: a prophetic warning from a stranger, threats along the Nile River, and birthmarks that burn when the rare Jewel of Zeus is nearby. At the excavation site-a cave rumored to be the tomb of a pharaoh's disgraced daughter-tension builds when several newcomers arrive. And as circumstances shift with the sands, Isabelle finds that some of the royal treasure in the ruthless pharaoh's desert was buried for lethal reasons.. Genre: Lds,Lds Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Mystery,Romance,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,Fiction,Historical,Romance,Historical Romance,Adult,Romance,Clean Romance.
Title: In the Cities and Jungles of Brazil. Author: Paul Rambali, Description: Brazil--a country of bandits, corrupt politicos, endangered tribes, death squads, voodoo cults. Here is the last frontier of the New World, where greed, ambition, and folly are the staff of daily life. Paul Rambali manages to capture Brazil's vitality even as he reveals its manifold absurdities.. Genre: Nonfiction,Cultural,Brazil.
Title: Inside WikiLeaks: My Time with Julian Assange at the World's Most Dangerous Website. Author: Daniel Domscheit-Berg, Description: An exposé of the “World’s Most Dangerous Website” from a former WikiLeaks insider,The basis for the movie ,The Fifth Estate ,(starring Benedict Cumberbatch as Julian Assange), this eye-opening account by Daniel Domscheit-Berg, the former spokesman of WikiLeaks, reveals never-disclosed details about the inner workings of the increasingly controversial organization that has struck fear into governments and business organizations worldwide and prompted the Pentagon to convene a 120-man task force.,Under the pseudonym Daniel Schmitt, Domscheit-Berg was the effective No. 2 at WikiLeaks and the organization’s most public face, after Julian Assange. In this book, he reveals the evolution, finances, and inner tensions of the whistleblower organization, beginning with his first meeting with Assange in December 2007. He also describes what led to his September 2010 withdrawal from WikiLeaks, including his disenchantment with the organization’s lack of transparency, its abandonment of political neutrality, and Assange’s increasing concentration of power. What has been made public so far about WikiLeaks is only a small fraction of the truth. With Domscheit-Berg’s insider knowledge, he is uniquely able to tell the full story. A computer scientist who worked in IT security prior to devoting himself full-time to WikiLeaks, he remains committed to freedom of information on the Internet. Today he is working on a more transparent secret-sharing website called OpenLeaks, developed by former WikiLeaks people, to be launched in early 2011.. Genre: Nonfiction,Politics,Science,Technology,History,Biography,Autobiography,Memoir,Writing,Journalism,Computers,Internet,Contemporary,Biography Memoir.
Title: Longtusk. Author: Stephen Baxter, Description: Even as a young calf, Longtusk understood the hardships the few remaining of his ancient kind had encountered when the glaciers retreated and grassy forests stole over the vast tundra the herds called home. Worst of all was when the Fireheads came -- cruel, two-legged beasts who kill for pleasure. At a tender age, Longtusk became their prisoner -- hobbled, abused, and stripped of his freedom. But through toil and terror, Longtusk never forgot his Clan -- and he learned crucial, intimate knowledge of the Fireheads' ways, though at a terrible price. Now the time is rapidly approaching when he will have to clash with those who seek to destroy every living trace of his proud breed. And Longtusk must not shun the twisted path in front of him or what he is destined to become: the greatest hero of them all.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Fantasy,Animals,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical Fiction,Prehistoric,Animals,Animal Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Adventure,Animals,Anthropomorphic.
Title: Who Cares What You're Supposed to Do?: Breaking the Rules to Get What You Want in Love, Life, and Work. Author: Victoria C. Dickerson,Carla Fine, Description: Women in their twenties and early thirties face greater pressure to succeed than ever before. And those who don't "have it all" can be left feeling guilty, full of doubt, and resentful because they don't have: , €	A fabulous career, €	Financial independence, €	A husband and children, €	Their own home, €	A busy social life, €	A great body, €	AND the ability to do it all...right now! , For women who are tired of hearing what they're "supposed to" be doing, this inspiring guide can help them fight back against the pressure, and find their own priorities. Nationally acclaimed clinical psychologist Victoria C. Dickerson shows women in their 20s and 30s how to put the world's expectations into perspective and see them as the wonderful options and opportunities they can be.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Game-Players of Titan. Author: Philip K. Dick, Description: In this sardonically funny gem of speculative fiction, Philip K. Dick creates a novel that manages to be simultaneously unpredictable and perversely logical., Poor Pete Garden has just lost Berkeley. He's also lost his wife, but he'll get a new one as soon as he rolls a three. It's all part of the rules of Bluff, the game that's become a blinding obsession for the last inhabitants of the planet Earth. But the rules are about to change--drastically and terminally--because Pete Garden will be playing his next game against an opponent who isn't even human, for stakes that are a lot higher than Berkeley.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Novels,Science Fiction,Dystopia,Literature,American,Speculative Fiction,Apocalyptic,Post Apocalyptic,Science Fiction,Aliens,Sports and Games,Games.
Title: Other People We Married. Author: Emma Straub, Description: In this vibrant debut collection, Emma Straub creates characters as recognizable as a best friend, and follows them through moments of triumph and transformation with hilarity, vulnerability, and quietly dazzling insight.,In ,Some People Must Really Fall In Love,, an assistant professor takes halting steps into the awkward, adult world of office politics and blind dates while harboring feelings for one of her freshman students. Two grown sisters struggle with old assumptions about each other as they stumble to build a new relationship in ,A Map of Modern Palm Springs., Rome is the setting of ,Puttanesca,, as two young widows move tentatively forward, still surrounded by ghosts and disappointments from the past.,These twelve stories, filled with the sharp humor, emotional acuity, and joyful language that are sure to become Straub’s hallmarks, announce the arrival of a major new talent.. Genre: Short Stories,Fiction,Literary Fiction,Contemporary,Adult,Humor,Adult Fiction,Anthologies,Romance,Audiobook.
Title: Civil Aircraft. Author: James Gibb, Description: The New Year’s Day Flight by Tony Jannus in 1914 from St. Petersburg to Tampa Florida was the first scheduled air flight with a passenger. Today the industry has evolved from government run airlines to masses of regional low cost start ups and global carriers. This illustrated volume showcases the best aircraft currently in production from around the world including the Airbus A380 super Jumbo and the Virgin Galactic Spaceship One.. Genre: nan.
Title: Wonderful Houses Around the World. Author: Yoshio Komatsu,Akira Nishiyama,Katy Bridges,Naoko Amemiya, Description: A picture is worth a thousand words; the 10 photos in this book, along with the accompanying descriptive detailed drawings, make this a very informative book for children. There has never been a photographer of buildings like Yoshio Komatsu. He has travelled extensively around the world for 25 years, photographing hand-built homes. Photos from Mongolia, China,, Indonesia, India, Romania, Tunisia, Spain, Togo, Senegal, and Bolivia. Each structure is beautifully photographed, and then colorfully rendered in pen and wash, with many descriptive captions explaining the everyday life of children and families in these homes.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Science,Geography,Nonfiction,Childrens,Childrens,1st Grade,History.
Title: Temptation's Kiss. Author: Janice Sims, Description: Patrice Sutton has just landed the role of her career. Snagging the female lead opposite devastatingly handsome, six-foot-three movie idol T. K. McKenna is a dream come true. When she learns they'll be filming out West she's secretly thrilledand ready to show her gorgeous costar the ropes of life on the ranch. Until T.K. turns the tablesby initiating her into the art of seduction far from the camera's glare.,T.K. knows that with her incredible beauty, talent and sweet sincerity, Patrice has what it takes to make it really big. And the burgeoning film star is showing T.K. a passion more real than anything he's ever experienced onor offthe screen. But what will it take to prove to her that she's the only woman he'll ever desireand love?. Genre: Romance,African American Romance,Romance.
Title: The Harlem Reader: A Celebration of New York's Most Famous Neighborhood, from the Renaissance Years to the 21st Century. Author: Herb Boyd, Description: There is no neighborhood in America as famous, infamous, and inspiring as Harlem. From its humble beginnings as a farming district and country retreat for the rich, Harlem grew to international prominence as the mecca ,of black art and culture, then fell from grace, despised as a crime-ridden slum and symbol of urban decay. But during all of these phases there was writing in Harlem—great writing that sprang from one of the richest and most unique communities in the world. From Harlem’s most revered icons (like Langston Hughes, Duke Ellington, Ann Petry, and Malcolm X) to voices of a new generation (including Willie Perdomo, Mase, Grace Edwards, and Piri Thomas), ,The Harlem Reader, gathers a wealth of vital impressions, stories, and narratives and blends them with original accounts offered by living storytellers, famous and not so famous. Fresh and vivid, this volume perfectly captures the dramatic moments and personalities at the core of Harlem’s ever-evolving story.. Genre: History,Nonfiction.
Title: Luther and His World. Author: Graham Tomlin, Description: Graham Tomlin examines Martin Luther as the central figure in the Protestant reformation of the 16th century.. Genre: History,Biography,Church,Church History,Religion,Theology,Christian.
Title: A Buyer's Market. Author: Anthony Powell, Description: 'He is, as Proust was before him, the great literary chronicler of his culture in his time.', ,GUARDIAN,A Dance to the Music of Time ,is universally acknowledged as one of the great works of English literature. Reissued now in this definitive edition, it stands ready to delight and entrance a new generation of readers.,In this second volume, Nick Jenkins is struggling to establish himself in London after graduating from university. As old friends come and go – Stringham takes the leap into marriage, Templer heads into the world of business and Widmerpool, confident in his own importance, begins a career in law – Nick starts to make new acquaintances, and throws himself into society life. In this new world of glamorous Debutante balls and leisurely country visits, Nick has his first encounter with love and its disappointments.. Genre: Fiction,Classics,Historical,Historical Fiction,European Literature,British Literature,Novels,Literary Fiction,Literature,20th Century,Literature,Literature,English Literature,Humor.
Title: Winds of the Storm. Author: Beverly Jenkins, Description: Archer Le Veq owes his life to the woman who rescued him from certain death at the height of the Civil War...a woman known only as "the Butterfly." Now, in the dark, waning days of Reconstruction, he needs the courageous and beautiful former spy...in more ways than before!,Zahra Lafayette thinks her days of intrigue are far behind her, until she is asked to go on one more mission. Posing as an infamous madam in New Orleans, Zahra must gather information to ensure the safety of the South's freedmen. The last thing she expected was to see Archer Le Veq again. He is as arrogant as he is handsome, but there is something about this dusky and debonair hotelier that sends her senses singing. Zahra knows she will need to guard her secrets, but no peril awaiting her compares with the treachery of Zahra's own heart—for, Lord help her, she burns to taste the man and to lose herself in his powerful embrace.. Genre: Romance,Romance,Historical Romance,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical,Fiction,Adult,Romance,African American Romance,Cultural,African American,Military History,Civil War,Spy Thriller,Espionage.
Title: Through the Storm. Author: Beverly Jenkins, Description: Sable, a slave on the run to escape the cruel man she's been sold to is forced to betray the charming Union officer Raimond LeVeq, who had romanced her and championed her. Brought together again by fate and an arranged marriage, she must try and win the trust of LeVeq--the man she truly loves.. Genre: Romance,Romance,Historical Romance,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical,Cultural,African American,Adult,Military History,Civil War,Fiction,Romance,African American Romance,Adult Fiction.
Title: Something Like Love. Author: Beverly Jenkins, Description: Blackboard bestselling author Beverly Jenkins delivers another lush historical novel featuring brothers that were first introduced in her award-winning novel ,Always and Forever,. This is the story that readers have been waiting for.,He was a wanted man.,But no one wanted him more than she did.,Desperate to escape an arranged marriage, Olivia Sterling flees Chicago and heads west. She dreams of setting up her own seamstress shop in Henry Adams, a small all Black town in Kansas. But her plans are derailed when her train is robbed by Neil July and his notorious band of outlaws.,Neil is enchanted by the headstrong and lovely Olivia. No woman has ever set his blood on fire before, and he suspects no other woman ever will. When they meet again, Olivia is the town's newly elected mayor and Neil is still the wanted outlaw. With bounty hunters on his trail, he would be wise not to linger, yet he can't seem to leave her. Will Neil be able to convince Olivia to ride off into the sunset with him? Or will he finally lay down his guns for love?. Genre: Romance,Romance,Historical Romance,Historical,Historical,Historical Fiction,Cultural,African American,Fiction,Westerns,Romance,African American Romance,Adult.
Title: The Taming of Jessi Rose. Author: Beverly Jenkins, Description: No Man Could Tame Her,Jessi Rose Clayton would do anything to keep the family ranch from falling into the wrong hands-even agree to take on a rough-and-tumble outlaw as her protector. With his rugged, handsome face and muscular bronze body, Griffin Blake can draw a sigh from a lady's lips almost as fast as his strong, sculpted arm can draw a gun from its holster. But Jessi Rose has no intentions of falling for his charms. No, her relationship with him is strictly business.,Until He Came Along,Robbing the railroad is Griffin Blake's game, but he has no choice. Either he agrees to help Jessi Rose or he gets sent back to jail-so he arrives at the ranch ready to help the ornery female protect her land. But underneath Jessi's all-business exterior is a femininity she's kept hidden for far too long-making Griffin think it might be time to tame this wild Texas rose.. Genre: Romance,Romance,Historical Romance,Historical,Historical Fiction,Historical,Cultural,African American,Fiction,Westerns,Romance,African American Romance,Romance,Western Romance,Adult.
Title: Black Lace. Author: Beverly Jenkins, Description: The last thing Lacy Green needs is trouble—and handsome Mayor Drake Randolph has "danger" written all over him . . . especially when "His Fineness" accidentally runs her off the road. Despite Drake's sensuous charm, irresistible magnetism, and unwavering determination to make amends, she's thinking it might be smart to play it safe and keep her distance . . . if only his lips weren't so inviting.,But trouble comes from a different source when Lacy, as the head of Detroit's Environmental Protection Department, launches an investigation into the activities of a ruthless developer. Suddenly, Lacy becomes a target, dragged down into a swamp of greed, corruption . . . and murder. Now Drake Randolph might be the only one in Motown who can keep Lacy alive . . .. Genre: Romance,Romance,African American Romance,Romance,Romantic Suspense,Contemporary,Fiction,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Cultural,African American.
Title: In Nomine. Author: Derek Pearcy, Description: In Nomine is a modern roleplaying game in which the players take the part of celestial beings - angels and demons - as they struggle for control of humanity and themselves. The celestials, powerful though they may be, are merely pawns in a much larger game being played by their Superiors, the Archangels and Demon Princes. Based on the best-selling French RPG by the wonderfully diabolical Croc!. Genre: Games,Role Playing Games,Games,Gaming,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Sports and Games,Games.
Title: Some Assembly Required. Author: Greg Brodeur,Troy Denning,Dave Galanter,Keith R.A. DeCandido,Dan Jolley,Aaron Rosenberg, Description:  Need to corral a group of giant monsters that fell through an interdimensional gateway? Need to get your brand-new planetary computer system working -- but the instructions are written in an alien language? Contact the Starfleet Corps of Engineers team on the ,U.S.S. da Vinci., Led by Captain David Gold and former Starship Enterprise™ engineer Commander Sonya Gomez, the crew live by their motto: Have tech, will travel. , Overseen by Starfleet legend Captain Montgomery Scott, the S.C.E. crew must solve the mystery of an outpost attacked by a strange new weapon and improvise a way to defeat a foe who has them outgunned in a heart-stopping space battle. , Join Starfleet's miracle workers for a death-defying journey!. Genre: Media Tie In,Star Trek,Science Fiction,Fiction,Anthologies.
Title: Honour, Family and Patronage: A Study of Institutions and Moral Values in a Greek Mountain Community. Author: John K. Campbell, Description: nan. Genre: Christianity,New Testament,Anthropology.
Title: Black Storm. Author: David Poyer, Description: With blistering action sequences and incredibly detailed military insight,, Black Storm, takes the reader along with the most covert Special Ops group straight to Saddam Hussein's stronghold, through harrowing instances of close-quarters combat, and into the heart of danger.,A Maniacal Leader,With coalition forces amassing at the Iraqi border, Saddam Hussein issues a terrifying threat: In response to any Allied offense, he will use his most secret weapon to destroy Israel. Counting down the hours before their forces invade, American commanders must decide whether this threat is the last-minute posturing of a madman-or a calculated promise from one of the world's most feared commanders.,An Impossible Mission,With thousands of innocent lives hanging in the balance, a long-range force reconnaissance team has been assembled and given the most daunting task: locate a weapon that no one can find or identify. Lieutenant Commander Dan Lenson, attached to the team to help program the airstrike that will cripple Saddam, finds himself humping through enemy territory with a group of hardened marines. They're headed straight for central Baghdad in what will be the most dangerous operation of the war. Now Lenson must decide whether the secret he carries is worth the life of his teammates-and his own.... Genre: War,Military Fiction,Thriller,Fiction,Adventure.
Title: Facing up to Fatherhood. Author: Miranda Lee, Description: "I'm not the baby's father!",When a beautiful brunette wheeled a baby carriage into Dominic Hunter's office, he knew he could not have forgotten making love to her! But Tina was convinced that Dominic was Bonnie's father—even if he did insist on denying paternity—and she was determined to make this heartless seducer face up to fatherhood.,Heartless? Even Dominic couldn't resist baby Bonnie, whether she was his or not. Seducer? Suddenly Dominic couldn't resist being that, either; never before had he wanted a woman—Tina—so much..... Genre: Romance,Harlequin,Harlequin Presents,Category Romance,Harlequin,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Adult,Contemporary.
Title: People of the Sea: The Search for the Philistines. Author: Trude Dothan,Moshe Dothan, Description: The Philistines are among the most maligned peoples of ancient history. The Bible characterized them as cunning pagan warmongers, the ancient Egyptians as pirates and marauders. In today's language, a "philistine" is an uncouth, uncultured person.,Thanks to the work of Trude Dothan and Moshe Dothan, three thousand years of bad press are at last giving way to a wholly different picture of the Philistines. Through their excavations and other studies, these two eminent archaeologists have unearthed startling answers to some of the great mysteries of biblical history, revealing the Philistines as a highly civilized people. They were advanced artisans and craftsmen, sophisticated architects and ecologically minded town planners.,One of the Aegean Sea Peoples who settled on the southern coast of Canaan at the end of the twelfth century B.C., the Philistines entered history as the main adversaries of the Israelites, stigmatized by the wicked Delilah and the arrogant Goliath. While the nature of their written language is still a mystery, the nature of their civilization is not. The remains of monumental buildings, a flourishing olive-oil industry, cast bronze, iron, and ivory artifacts, weaving looms, wine presses, and a wide range of artistically distinctive pottery urge us to make a historical reassessment.,In People of the Sea, the world's preeminent authorities on Philistine history and culture provide the first popular account of their ground-breaking work. Handsomely illustrated with line drawings, photographs, and maps, the book interweaves a fascinating history of the rise and fall of the Philistines with the first-person experiences of archaeologists at work. The result is a work that not only dramatically changes our understanding of an important and legendary era but also serves to illuminate an ancient civilization long lost to history.. Genre: History,Ancient History,History,Archaeology,History.
Title: Classical Music: The 50 Greatest Composers and Their 1,000 Greatest Works. Author: Phil G. Goulding, Description: MAKE A SOUND INVESTMENT IN CLASSICAL MUSIC,Who are the ten most important classical composers? Who in the world was Palestrina? Why did Stravinsky's "Rite of Spring" cause a riot? Which five of each important composer's works should you buy? What is a concerto and how does it differ from a sonata?,Maybe you don't know the answers to these questions; author Phil Goulding certainly didn't. When Goulding first tried to learn about classical music, he found himself buried in an avalanche of technical terms and complicated jargon--so he decided to write the book he couldn't find.,The result is a complete classical music education in one volume. Comprehensive, discriminating, and delightfully irreverent, Classical Music provides such essential information as: ,* Rankings of the top 50 composers (Bach is #1. Borodin is #50) ,* A detailed and anecdotal look at each composer's life and work ,* The five primary works of each composer and specific recommended CDs for each. ,* Further great works of each composer--if you really like him ,* Concise explanations of musical terminology, forms, and periods ,* A guide to the parts and history of the symphony orchestra ,"This book uses every conceivable gimmick to immerse readers in the richness of classical music: lists, rankings, sidebars devoted to lively anecdotes, and catchy leads.",--The Washington Post,"One terrific music appreciation book...The information is surprisingly detailed but concisely presented. Goulding's writing style is breezy yet mature....[He] has raised music appreciation from a racket to a service.",--The Arizona Daily Star. Genre: Music,Nonfiction,Reference,History,Art,Music,Classical Music,Biography.
Title: Teen Titans, Vol. 2: Family Lost. Author: Geoff Johns,Mike McKone,Ivan Reis,Tom Grummett,Marlo Alquiza,Kevin Conrad,Marc Campos,Norm Rapmund,Jeromy Cox,Sno Cone, Description: Raven returns...with a new body, but also a new master: the latest Brother Blood! The newest adventures of everyone's favorite teen team of heroes unfolds in TEEN TITANS: FAMILY LOST, a 176-page softcover collecting TEEN TITANS #8-12, plus the hard to find TITANS #1/2. This collection is written by Geoff Johns (JSA, FLASH) with art by the acclaimed team of Mike McKone (,Exiles,) and Marlo Alquiza (SUPERMAN), and additional art by Tom Grummett, Ivan Reis, Kevin Conrad, Marc Campos, and Norm Rapmund. Deathstroke's daughter, Rose Wilson assumes the identity of the Ravager and switches from Titans ally to Titans threat. Now Deathstroke and Rose hunt for the Titans. Could things get any more explosive? They do, when Kid Flash learns to drive!. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Superheroes,Dc Comics,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Superheroes,Comics,Comic Book,Comics Manga,Fiction,Adventure,Sequential Art,Manga.
Title: Clan Novel: Tzimisce. Author: Eric Griffin, Description: "The ""Dark"" in the World of Darkness "RM" Rhymes with ""The Meat Sea"". It began with Clan Novel: Toreador "TM"; a 13-novel series concerning the Kindred. This series comprises the biggest event in the history of the World of Darkness -- and this is only the second book This epic series of over one million words will reveal the secrets of the vampires' hidden world, from the smallest detail to the grandest marvel. The Nosferatu's apparent scheme to put the Eye of Hazimel into the hands of the Setite, Vegel, will decide the fates of Kindred legions and determine the future of the Camarilla and Sabbat -- the sects engaged in a massive war along the entire East Coast. And that's pretty much what the Sabbat thinks of humanity. Each novel in this series features a member of one of the 13 vampire clans. Clan Novel: Tzimisce introduces the Sabbat side of the conflict through Sascha Vykos, a depraved and incredibly powerful night-predator. A war along the American East Coast erupts as the Sabbat launches relentless attacks against Camarilla-held cities".. Genre: Horror,Paranormal,Vampires,Role Playing Games,World Of Darkness,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Fantasy,Fiction,Games,Role Playing Games,Games,Gaming,Sports and Games,Games,Fantasy,Supernatural.
Title: Tremere. Author: Eric Griffin, Description: Paperback.. Genre: Horror,Paranormal,Vampires,Role Playing Games,World Of Darkness,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Fantasy,Fiction,Games,Role Playing Games,Games,Gaming,Sports and Games,Games.
Title: Teen Titans, Vol. 5: Life and Death. Author: Geoff Johns,Bill Willingham,Tony S. Daniel,Scott McDaniel,Marv Wolfman,Paco Medina,Todd Nauck, Description: The line between life and death is crossed as the Teen Titans must confront the deceased members of the team that have seemingly returned from the dead. As Donna Troy recruits the mightiest members of the team to battle in the Infinite Crisis, Robin is confronted by his predecessor, the bygone Boy Wonder, Jason Todd. The remaining Titans face the onslaught of Brother Blood and his army of followers which include the deceased Titans Aquagirl, Omen, Hawk, and Dove. As the Crisis hits, Superboy teams up with all of the reserve members of the team to battle his evil counterpart from another dimension.,Collects TEEN TITANS #29—33, TEEN TITANS ANNUAL #1 and ROBIN #146—147.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Superheroes,Dc Comics,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Superheroes,Comics,Comic Book,Science Fiction.
Title: Handbook on Knowledge Management 2: Knowledge Directions. Author: Clyde W. Holsapple, Description: This second volume consists of the sections: technologies for knowledge management, outcomes of KM, knowledge management in action, and the KM horizon.. Genre: nan.
Title: Neanderthals, Bandits and Farmers: How Agriculture Really Began. Author: Colin Tudge, Description: Tradition has it that agriculture began in the Middle East around 10,000 years ago, that once people realized the advantages of farming, it spread rapidly to the furthest outposts of the world, and that this led to the Neolithic Revolution and the end of the hunting-gathering lifestyle. In this book Colin Tudge argues that agriculture in some form was in the repertoire of our ancestors for thousands of years before the Neolithic farming revolution: people did not suddenly invent forced into it over a long period. What we see in the Neolithic Revolution is not the beginning of agriculture on a large scale, in one place, with refined tools.,Drawing on a wide range of evidence from fossil records to the Bible, Tudge offers a persuasive hypothesis about a puzzling epoch in our past. In so doing, he provides new insights into the Pleistocene overkill, the demise of the Neanderthals, the location of the biblical Eden, and much more.. Genre: History,Science,Anthropology,Nonfiction,History,Prehistory,Science,Agriculture.
Title: The Time Before History. Author: Colin Tudge, Description: Drawing on the findings of geology, anthropology, archaeology and earth science, Colin Tudge discusses in detail and intertwines histories of the planet Earth and the evolution of humankind.. Genre: Science,Nonfiction,History,Anthropology,Biology,Evolution,Environment,Nature,History,Prehistory.
Title: The Wadsworth Anthology of Poetry. Author: Jay Parini, Description: nan. Genre: Poetry.
Title: So Shall We Reap: What's Gone Wrong with the World's Food--And How to Fix It. Author: Colin Tudge, Description: So Shall We Reap: How Everyone Who Is Liable to Be Born in the Next Ten Thousand Years Could Eat Very Well Indeed; and Why, in Practice, Our Immediate Descendants Are Likely to Be in Serious Trouble,, award-winning writer Colin Tudge's latest book, has a revealing if lengthy subtitle ,How everyone who is liable to be born in the next ten thousand years could eat very well indeed; and why, in practice, our immediate descendants are likely to be in serious trouble,. Tudge is a Cambridge zoology graduate who has worked as a science journalist and has written several well known and very successful books on agriculture and conservation (such as,Food Crops for the Future,), genetics (,In Mendel's Footnotes,) and evolution (,The Variety of Life,). ,So Shall We Reap, combines all these strands in an impassioned plea for global change in current farming practice. Tudge argues that at present there are good reasons for thinking we are getting it wrong. For instance, one of the most glaring and obscene disparities is that while famine is common, especially in sub-Saharan Africa, the developed world has food surpluses and is suffering from what the World Health Organisation calls a "global epidemic" of obesity. , Tudge examines the nature of the problem, then castigates the main players--the agribusiness, the bio technicians and other scientists who have been seduced by the lure of big bucks and quick fixes and then embarks on his own solution, what he calls "Enlightened Agriculture"--appealing to the better use of some basic rules of biology and ecological models and the development of more labour intensive mixed economies which will help maintain rural society. A detailed argument of the new agricultural revolution is presented here; Tudge suggests that the hammer and sickle has been replaced by a pc with access to the Internet. --,Douglas Palmer. Genre: Nonfiction,Food and Drink,Food,Politics,Science,Agriculture.
Title: Archaeology Essentials: Theories, Methods and Practice. Author: Colin Renfrew,Paul G. Bahn, Description: Long-established techniques are carefully explained as well as exciting new methods as the authors describe the ways in which archaeologists seek to explain and interpret the remote past of humankind. Genre: Nonfiction,History,Archaeology,Anthropology,Textbooks,Science,History,Academic,School,Academic,Academic,Read For School.
Title: The Bachelor of Arts. Author: R.K. Narayan, Description: "There are writers—Tolstoy and Henry James to name two—whom we hold in awe, writers—Turgenev and Chekhov—for whom we feel a personal affection, other writers whom we respect—Conrad for example—but who hold us at a long arm's length with their 'courtly foreign grace.' Narayan (whom I don't hesitate to name in such a context) more than any of them wakes in me a spring of gratitude, for he has offered me a second home. Without him I could never have known what it is like to be Indian."—Graham Greene,Offering rare insight into the complexities of Indian middle-class society, R. K. Narayan traces life in the fictional town of Malgudi. ,The Dark Room, is a searching look at a difficult marriage and a woman who eventually rebels against the demands of being a good and obedient wife. In ,Mr. Sampath,, a newspaper man tries to keep his paper afloat in the face of social and economic changes sweeping India. Narayan writes of youth and young adulthood in the semiautobiographical ,Swami and Friends, and ,The Bachelor of Arts., Although the ordinary tensions of maturing are heightened by the particular circumstances of pre-partition India, Narayan provides a universal vision of childhood, early love and grief.,"The experience of reading one of his novels is . . . comparable to one's first reaction to the great Russian novels: the fresh realization of the common humanity of all peoples, underlain by a simultaneous sense of strangeness—like one's own reflection seen in a green twilight."—Margaret Parton, ,New York Herald Tribune. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,India,Asian Literature,Indian Literature,Classics,Novels,Humor,Literature,Drama,Historical,Historical Fiction,Cultural,Asia.
Title: An Astrologer's Day and Other Stories. Author: R.K. Narayan, Description: India Fiction (short stories) from R.K. Narayan's own publishing house, Indian Thought Publications; well told and humorous tales of the fictional small South Indian town of Malgudi.. Genre: Short Stories,Fiction,Classics,Cultural,India,Asian Literature,Indian Literature.
Title: The Secrets of the Self: A Philosophical Poem 1944. Author: Muhammad Iqbal, Description: Asrar I Khudi. The form of existence is an effect of the Self. Whatsoever thou seest is a secret of the Self.. Genre: Poetry,Philosophy,Religion,Islam,Religion,Cultural,Pakistan,Occult,Mysticism,Spirituality.
Title: أطلس تاريخ القاهرة. Author: أحمد عادل كمال, Description: تتبع أحمد عادل كمال في هذا الكتاب خريطة القاهرة منذ القدم وحتى عصر حسني مبارك.. ورسمها في كل مراحلها مستعينا بما جاء في كتب التاريخ والخطط، وهو مجهود عظيم لا أعلم أحدا سبقه إليه في العالم الإسلامي.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Titans. Author: John Jakes, Description: Raging with the heartbreaks and tragedies of our nation's darkest hours, this passionate saga follows a dynamic generation of Kents through the hell of Civil War--from New York, where the Kent empire fears destruction...to Washington, where the family is drawn into the rank web of espionage...to the battlefields of the South, where the youngest Kents rally with pride and honor...along a thundering coast where heroes like Lincoln, Grant and Lee, and maniacal blackguards like John Wilkes Booth, touch the Kents--and change them forever.,As the story begins, the Kent dynasty has fallen into the hands of the late Amanda's opportunistic son, Louis...and Jephtha Kent has come North, leaving his three sons at home in the South. A nation torn asunder by holocaust and devastation...a family divided by hatred and greed. Where one battle ends, the other begins, in this turbulent, unforgettable, tale of THE TITANS.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Historical,Military History,Civil War,War,North American Hi...,American History,Adult,Fantasy,Novels,Drama.
Title: Peak District. Author: A.A. Publishing, Description: Featuring a variety of mapped walks to suit all abilities, these helpful guides feature all the necessary practical details, including information on distance, gradient, level of difficulty, type of surface and access, landscape, dog friendliness, parking, and restrooms. Fascinating background reading on the history and wildlife of the area is provided, and local points of interest are indicated on accompanying, full-color maps. All walks are annotated with places to visit along the way--including churches, country houses, museums, villages, and towns--as well as refreshment information on local restaurants, tea rooms, and pubs, with extra details on their character and menus. Revised with new routes and updated maps and information, these guides are your key to experiencing the beauty and variety of the British landscape.. Genre: Nature,Outdoors.
Title: Lucene in Action. Author: Erik Hatcher,Otis Gospodnetic, Description: Lucene is a gem in the open-source worldLucene in Action" is the authoritative guide to Lucene. It describes how to index your data, including types you definitely need to know such as MS Word, PDF, HTML, and XML. It introduces you to searching, sorting, filtering, and highlighting search results.,Lucene powers search in surprising placesWhat's Inside,- How to integrate Lucene into your applications,- Ready-to-use framework for rich document handling,- Case studies including Nutch, TheServerSide, jGuru, etc.,- Lucene ports to Perl, Python, C#/.Net, and C++,- Sorting, filtering, term vectors, multiple, and remote index searching,- The new SpanQuery family, extending query parser, hit collecting,- Performance testing and tuning,- Lucene add-ons (hit highlighting, synonym lookup, and others). Genre: Computer Science,Programming,Science,Technology,Computer Science,Technical,Computer Science,Computers,Computer Science,Software,Education,Reference,Nonfiction,Science,Computer Science.
Title: Legacy. Author: Cayla Kluver, Description: I noticed his eyes. They were blue, sharp and intense. Despite the youthful glows of his suntanned face, his eyes were cold and unfriendly, suggesting he had great experience in the world and was now expecting the worst.,In her seventeenth year, Princess Alera of Hytanica faces one duty: to marry the man who will be king. But her father's choice of suitor fills her with despair.,When the palace guard captures an intruder a boy her age with steel-blue eyes, hailing from her kingdom's greatest enemy Alera is alarmed and intrigued. But she could not have guessed that their clandestine meetings would unveil the dark legacy shadowing both their lands.,In this mystical world of court conspiracies and blood magic, loyalties will be tested. Courage won't be enough. And as the battle begins for everything Alera holds dear, love may be the downfall of a kingdom.. Genre: Fantasy,Young Adult,Romance,Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Historical,Young Adult,Teen,Young Adult,Young Adult Fantasy,Romance,Historical Romance,Fantasy,Magic.
Title: Canto nero: il free jazz degli anni sessanta. Author: Giampiero Cane, Description: nan. Genre: Music,Jazz.
Title: Orion's Hounds. Author: Christopher L. Bennett, Description: As the "U.S.S. Titan" ventures beyond the outermost reaches of known space, the telepaths in her crew -- including Diplomatic Officer Deanna Troi -- are overwhelmed by an alien cryof distress, leading the ship to the scene of a shocking act of carnage: a civilization of interstellar "whalers" preying upon and exploiting a familiar species of sentient spaceborne giants. Appalled but reluctant to rush to judgment, Captain William Riker and his crew investigate, discovering a cosmic spawning ground in a region of active star formation -- the ecosystem for a bewildering array of diverse but similarly vast life-forms. While attempting to negotiate an end to the victimization of these creatures, Riker's crew inadvertently grants them the means to defeat their hunters' purpose...only to learn that things are not exactly as they seem.. Genre: Media Tie In,Star Trek,Science Fiction,Fiction,Star Trek,Star Trek The Next Generation,Science Fiction Fantasy,Novels,Space,Space Opera,Media Tie In,Tv,Media Tie In.
Title: Leadership Roles and Management Functions in Nursing: Theory and Application. Author: Bessie L. Marquis,Carol J. Huston, Description: Hundreds of carefully designed exercises along with clear discussions of theory teach nursing students how to integrate effective management skills with expert leadership skills. The authors' experiential learning approach makes it easy to put these skills into practice in any health care setting. This book helps students develop the critical thinking ability needed to apply skills on the job—from organizing patient care to motivating staff to managing conflict.. Genre: Nurses,Nursing,Nonfiction,Textbooks.
Title: Mystique, Vol. 4: Quiet. Author: Sean McKeever,Manuel García, Description: The mysterious Quiet Man's identity is finally revealed! Mystique is sent on a mission to find Shortpack, who has mysteriously vanished. But she has enough on her mind already: she has to figure out how to assassinate Professor Charles Xavier! Mystique has been caught between two masters long enough; now, the time has come when she can no longer serve both!,Collecting,: ,Mystique, 19-24. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Superheroes,Marvel,Marvel,X Men,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Graphic Novels Comics.
Title: The New Teen Titans Archives, Vol. 1. Author: Marv Wolfman,George Pérez,Curt Swan,Dick Giordano,Romeo Tanghal,Frank Chiaramonte,Pablo Marcos, Description: This collection reprints the legendary tale of how a group of super powered teenagers and sidekicks came together to form the New Teen Titans. Led by Robin, Wonder Girl, Starfire, Cyborg, Raven, the Changeling, and Kid Flash fight side by side against all manners of threats to the world. Including a monumental confrontation with their mentors, the Justice League of America, this book also features their first battle with Trigon the Terrible as well as the first appearance of one of their greatest enemies and sometimes ally, Deathstroke the Terminator.,Collects DC COMICS PRESENTS #26 and NEW TEEN TITANS #1 - #8.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Superheroes,Dc Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Comics,Comic Book,Comics,Superheroes,Fiction,Graphic Novels Comics,Science Fiction,Fantasy,Adventure.
Title: Avielle of Rhia. Author: Dia Calhoun, Description: With her silver skin and silver hair, fifteen-year-old Princess Avielle of Rhia resembles her Dredonian great-great grandmother who practiced evil magic. Everyone in Rhia expects Avielle to turn evil, too. Shunned by those around her, she feels unloved and unable to love others. In addition, she fears that Rhia will go to war with Dredonia, which suffers under the rule of evil wizard-priests: the Brethren of the Black Cloaks. They have placed impossible demands upon Rhia, but the king and queen have refused to acquiesce. One terrible night, the Brethren attack, killing the royal family and hundreds of others. Only Avielle escapes. She must keep her identity secret to avoid death from the enemy. While hiding among the common people, she learns that she has a magical gift for weaving. But will this gift, rooted in her Dredonian blood, lead Avielle to the same evil that possessed her great-great grandmother? Or will it help her free her people from further attacks.?. Genre: Fantasy,Young Adult,Fantasy,Magic,Fantasy,High Fantasy,Young Adult,Young Adult Fantasy,Science Fiction Fantasy,Fairy Tales,Princesses,Historical,Medieval,Adventure,Childrens,Middle Grade.
Title: The Passage. Author: David Poyer, Description: The Navy's most sophisticated destroyer, the USS ,Barrett, carries a top-secret computer that can pilot an unmanned ship and send it into battle. As the weapons officer charged with its first mission Lieutenant Dan Lenson has a chance to make naval history.,But when the system develops a sinister virus and a sailor takes his own life amid ugly allegations, Lenson finds himself caught in a web of betrayal. Now, on the treacherous Windward Passage between the U.S. and Cuba, he'll undergo the ultimate test of honor and faith-- one that could cost him his career, his ship, and even his life.. Genre: War,Military Fiction,Fiction,Thriller,War.
Title: LOGO Design - Volume 1. Author: Julius Widemann,Julius Widemann, Description: What's your sign? The world's best logo designs Everybody knows that brand identity is key. A good logo can glamorize just about anything, so it comes as no surprise that logo design is a crucial step in the development of a product or service. This exhaustive guide brings together diverse logos from over 30 countries, organized into chapters by theme, such as media, retailers, events, regions, service and agencies. A full index provided at the end of the book lists each logo's company, designer, and designer's website. Also included is a case study section, concentrating on logo application and development. No graphic designer can do without this book, and anyone who's interested in design will appreciate this diverse compendium of visual ideas. As scientist Linus Paulin once said, ?In order to come up with one good idea, you must have lots of ideas.?. Genre: Design,Art,Art Design,Nonfiction.
Title: Contemporary Graphic Design. Author: Charlotte Fiell,Peter Fiell, Description: Packing a powerful visual punch: contemporary avant-garde graphic design This compendium showcases the extraordinary cutting-edge work of 100 of the world's most progressive graphic designers, from the hard-hitting political messages of Jonathan Barnbrook to the lyrical digital compositions of Peter Saville to the iconoclastic imagery of Stefan Sagmeister. Alongside the array of visually stunning and thought-provoking advertisements, CD covers, posters, packaging, websites, and corporate identities are texts by each designer expressing his or her individual approach to graphic design practice as well as personal insights into the motivations that lie behind the work. An accompanying introductory essay highlights the current issues surrounding graphic design practice, from the ascendancy of digital tools to the amorality of consumerism. By presenting a provocative survey of the latest, most experimental and forward-looking graphic design from around the globe, this exciting book provides a unique and totally unforgettable snapshot of where the discipline stands today and hopefully offers directions for its future. Contemporary Graphic Design is absolutely essential to anyone interested in the power of images. The list of entries includes: Jonathan Barnbrook, The Designers Republic, FUEL, Fernando Guti?rrez, Hideki Inaba, KesselsKramer, Scott King, Christian K?sters, J?rg Lehni, Karel Martens, ME Company, M/M (Paris), Martijn Oostra, Gabor Palotai, Stefan Sagmeister, Peter Saville, Studio Boot, Sweden Graphics, Omar Vulpinari, Martin Woodtli. Genre: Design,Art,Art,Art Design,Nonfiction.
Title: Jewelry (Crafts Library). Author: Miranda Innes,Clive Streeter, Description: Each book includes 20 exciting projects. Easy-to-f photographs make projects simple, but yield sophisticated results.. Genre: nan.
Title: China Sea. Author: David Poyer, Description: Welcome to the most dangerous sea in the world...,Dan Lenson was taking the USS, Gaddis, on her final journey, turning her over to the Pakistani Navy. But things didn't go according to plan. Now Dan finds himself commanding an undermanned, under-gunned, strife-filed ship on the China Sea--and cut off from Naval command. The ,Gaddis, is supposed to be patrolling against pirates. But with a monsoon bearing down on his ship, and his crew ready to explode, Dan knows the ,Gaddis, has been turned into a renegade itself: to engage in a violent, secret shoot-out against the second most powerful nation on earth.,For Dan, a bizarre, treacherous mission has become a desperate journey of honor, character, and courage. For not only has the ,Gaddis, been forced into a covert mission against China, she now has a murderer on board.... Genre: Thriller,War,Military Fiction,Fiction,War,Adventure.
Title: Rain Is Not My Indian Name. Author: Cynthia Leitich Smith,Lori Earley, Description: It's been six months since her best friend died, and up until now Rain has succeeded in shutting herself off from the world. But when controversy arises around her aunt Georgia's Indian Camp in their mostly white midwestern community, Rain decides to face the outside world again—at least through the lens of her camera.,Hired by her town newspaper to photograph the campers, Rain soon finds that she has to decide how involved she wants to become in Indian Camp. Does she want to keep a professional distance from the intertribal community she belongs to? And just how willing is she to connect with the campers after her great loss?,In a voice that resonates with insight and humor, Cynthia Leitich Smith tells of heartbreak, recovery, and reclaiming one's place in the world.. Genre: Young Adult,Fiction,Childrens,Middle Grade,Contemporary,Realistic Fiction,Young Adult,Teen,Death,Art,Photography,Cultural,Family.
Title: Santa Knows. Author: Cynthia Leitich Smith,Greg Leitich Smith, Description: When Alfie F. Snorklepuss tells everyone he doesn't believe in Santa, the man in red packs up Alfie and brings him to the North Pole for an attitude adjustment--Santa style. Full color.. Genre: Holiday,Christmas,Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Fiction,Family,Holiday.
Title: Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy. Author: John le Carré, Description: A modern classic in which John le Carré expertly creates a total vision of a secret world, ,Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, begins George Smiley's chess match of wills and wits with Karla, his Soviet counterpart. ,It is now beyond a doubt that a mole, implanted decades ago by Moscow Centre, has burrowed his way into the highest echelons of British Intelligence. His treachery has already blown some of its most vital operations and its best networks. It is clear that the double agent is one of its own kind. But which one? George Smiley is assigned to identify him. And once identified, the traitor must be destroyed.. Genre: Fiction,Mystery,Thriller,Spy Thriller,Espionage,Classics,Mystery,Crime,Suspense,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,Novels,Thriller,Spy Thriller.
Title: Sabretooth: Open Season. Author: Daniel Way,Bart Sears, Description: The most brutal villain in the Marvel Universe returns But has he gone too far this time? Did Sabretooth destroy an entire island of innocent humans? And what will happen when the U.S. Military tries to bring him down? Will they succeed - or pay the ultimate price?. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Superheroes,Marvel,Marvel,X Men,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels.
Title: Cowboys for Christmas. Author: Destiny Blaine, Description: Julie Kensworth opens her door to more than a blizzard and greets two wayward cowboys. She realizes right away she’s headed straight for the eye of the storm.,Brandon Blake and Quinn Stewart are a long way from home. They’re looking for a warm place to hang their hats while they try to wait out the snow and ice, which continues to gain momentum., Julie is an author and she’s not just the average writer, she’s one of the most notorious writers in the world. When Quinn and Blake figure out Julie is an erotic romance author, well, needless to say, their minds churn with all sorts of ideas, most of them geared toward how they can heat up the cold winter nights ahead.. Genre: Erotica,Menage,Menage,M F M,Holiday,Christmas,Westerns.
Title: A Long Way Down. Author: Nick Hornby, Description: In his eagerly awaited fourth novel, ,New York Times,-bestselling author Nick Hornby mines the hearts and psyches of four lost souls who connect just when they've reached the end of the line. ,Meet Martin, JJ, Jess, and Maureen. Four people who come together on New Year's Eve: a former TV talk show host, a musician, a teenage girl, and a mother. Three are British, one is American. They encounter one another on the roof of Topper's House, a London destination famous as the last stop for those ready to end their lives. ,In four distinct and riveting first-person voices, Nick Hornby tells a story of four individuals confronting the limits of choice, circumstance, and their own mortality. This is a tale of connections made and missed, punishing regrets, and the grace of second chances. ,Intense, hilarious, provocative, and moving, ,A Long Way Down, is a novel about suicide that is, surprisingly, full of life. ,What's your jumping-off point? ,Maureen,Why is it the biggest sin of all? All your life you're told that you'll be going to this marvelous place when you pass on. And the one thing you can do to get you there a bit quicker is something that stops you getting there at all. Oh, I can see that it's a kind of queue-jumping. But if someone jumps the queue at the post office, people tut. Or sometimes they say "Excuse me, I was here first." They don't say "You will be consumed by hellfire for all eternity." That would be a bit strong. ,Martin,I'd spent the previous couple of months looking up suicides on the Internet, just out of curiosity. And nearly every single time, the coroner says the same thing: "He took his own life while the balance of his mind was disturbed." And then you read the story about the poor bastard: His wife was sleeping with his best friend, he'd lost his job, his daughter had been killed in a road accident some months before . . . Hello, Mr. Coroner? I'm sorry, but there's no disturbed mental balance here, my friend. I'd say he got it just right. ,Jess,I was at a party downstairs. It was a shit party, full of all these ancient crusties sitting on the floor drinking cider and smoking huge spliffs and listening to weirdo space-out reggae. At midnight, one of them clapped sarcastically, and a couple of others laughed, and that was it-Happy New Year to you, too. You could have turned up to that party as the happiest person in London, and you'd still have wanted to jump off the roof by five past twelve. And I wasn't the happiest person in London anyway. Obviously. ,JJ,New Year's Eve was a night for sentimental losers. It was my own stupid fault. Of course there'd be a low-rent crowd up there. I should have picked a classier date-like March 28, when Virginia Woolf took her walk into the river, or November 25 (Nick Drake). If anybody had been on the roof on either of those nights, the chances are they would have been like-minded souls, rather than hopeless f*ck-ups who had somehow persuaded themselves that the end of a calendar year is in any way significant.. Genre: Fiction,Contemporary,Humor,Novels,European Literature,British Literature,Adult Fiction,Adult,Audiobook,Health,Mental Health,Literature.
Title: A Stranger's Touch. Author: Tori Carrington, Description: Midnight Fantasy #6 --,The thrill of the forbidden...,Dulcy Ferris has always had an active fantasy life...but fantasy has never come close to reality until she finds herself alone in an elevator with oh-so-sexy Quinn Landis. There's just one problem: Dulcy's engaged to marry somebody else. But before she commits herself to a passionless marriage, she can't resist indulging in her most secret fantasy just once....,Quinn Landis can't believe his luck. Home for the wedding of his best friend, he's delighted when a gorgeous woman falls into his lap...and then jumps into his bed! But the next morning brings a few surprises. His friend Brad has disappeared...and Quinn's just slept with Brad's bride-to-be! Worse, he wants to again...and again!But first Quinn has to find Brad. Only then can he prove to Dulcy that he's the best man -- in every sense....,Midnight Fantasies. Genre: Romance,Category Romance,Harlequin,Contemporary,Harlequin,Harlequin Blaze,Romance,Contemporary Romance.
Title: An Invitation to Tea [With 8 Invitation Pack]. Author: Emilie Barnes, Description: When the tea hour draws near, it's time to discover the simplicity and tranquility of sharing a cup of tea and cozy conversation with treasured friends. Ten special celebrations, including a traditional tea, a holiday tea, and a cream tea for two, are featured in this enchanting, 48-page guide to the art of tea.. Genre: Food and Drink,Tea,Food and Drink,Cookbooks.
Title: The Dresden Files Collection 1-6. Author: Jim Butcher, Description: The Dresden Files Collection 1-6,The first six novels featuring Harry Dresden—Chicago’s only professional wizard—are a perfect introduction to the # 1 New York Times bestselling series that Entertainment Weekly describes as “Buffy the Vampire Slayer starring Philip Marlowe.”,Storm Front,Fool Moon,Grave Peril,Summer Knight,Death Masks,Blood Rites. Genre: Fantasy,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Fiction,Fantasy,Magic,Mystery,Fantasy,Supernatural,Fantasy,Paranormal,Paranormal,Vampires,Speculative Fiction,Thriller.
Title: The Lonely Hearts Club. Author: Raúl Núñez, Description: A night porter in a sleazy Barcelona hotel, the only thing the forty-year-old Antonio Castro has going for him is his resemblance to Frank Sinatra. Thinking he has nothing to lose, Antonio joins a lonely hearts club and into his life come a Perez Galdos widow, a dwarf poet, a gay barman. The Lonely Hearts Club is a novel of Barcelona. Its people and its places, the Ramblas, the Plaza Real, the Barrio Chino, are brought to life in a book that is outrageously funny but never loses sympathy with its characters.. Genre: Cultural,Spain,Fiction.
Title: The Deep. Author: Helen Dunmore, Description: The third spellbinding story about Sapphy and Conor's adventures in the powerful and dangerous underwater world of Ingo. A devastating flood has torn through the worlds of Air and Ingo, and now, deep in the ocean, a monster is stirring. Mer legend says that only those with dual blood -- half Mer, half human -- can overcome the Kraken. Sapphy must return to the Deep, with the help of her friend the whale, and face this terrifying creature -- and her brother Conor and Mer friend Faro will not let her go alone!. Genre: Fantasy,Mythology,Mermaids,Young Adult,Fiction,Adventure,Childrens,Childrens,Middle Grade,Fantasy,Paranormal,Fantasy,Magic,Fantasy,Mythology.
Title: Reasoning and the Logic of Things: The Cambridge Conferences Lectures of 1898. Author: Charles Sanders Peirce,Kenneth Laine Ketner, Description: Charles Sanders Peirce (1839-1914) was an American philosopher, physicist, mathematician, and the founder of pragmatism. Despite his importance in the history of philosophy, a unified statement of his thought has been unavailable. With this publication, readers at long last are offered the philosopher's only known, complete, and coherent account of his own work. Originally delivered as the Cambridge Conferences Lectures of 1898, ,Reasoning and the Logic of Things, is the most accessible and thorough introduction to Peirce's mature thought to be found within the compass of a single book.,Beginning with an explanation of the nature of philosophy, Peirce proceeds to illustrate his claim that mathematics provides the foundation of our logic and metaphysics. We find here the clearest formulation of an idea present in Peirce's thought since the 1860s, the distinction between three kinds of reasoning: induction, deduction, and retroduction. Then follows an introduction to Peirce's chief logical doctrines, as well as his attempts to provide a classification of the sciences, a theory of categories, and a theory of science. In conclusion, turning from "reasoning" to the "logic of things," Peirce called for an evolutionary cosmology to explain the reality of laws and described the kinds of reasoning he employed in developing this cosmology.,At the urging of his friend William James, Peirce made an uncharacteristic effort in these lectures to present his ideas in terms intelligible to a general audience--those without advanced training in logic and philosophy. The introductory materials by Kenneth Ketner and Hilary Putman add to the volume's lucidity. Consequently, this book will be a valuable source for readers outside of the circle of Peirce specialists.. Genre: Philosophy,Philosophy,Logic.
Title: Berlin in the Cold War: The Battle for the Divided City; the Rise and the Fall of the Wall.. Author: Thomas Flemming,Cindy Opitz, Description: Berlin in the Cold War vividly describes the conflict between the two superpowers-the USA and the Soviet Union-as it played out in Berlin, the dividead city that was the frontier town, the spy post, and the battlefield. The book highlights the dramatic events that touched the whole world: the blockade, the airlift, the uprising of June 1953, the construction of the Wall, stories of escape and espionage, and the fall of the Iron Curtain. Includes numerous pictures and a map.. Genre: nan.
Title: Living Strategy. Author: Lynda Gratton, Description: People are our most important assess, We are a knowledge-based company, are statements we increasingly hear, and statements which are all too often unsubstantiated by reality. For many people, the actuality of an organizational life is that they do not feel they are treated as the most important assets and they do not feel their knowledge is understood or used.. Genre: Business.
Title: Los señores del narco. Author: Anabel Hernández, Description: Los señores del narco es una descarnada crónica sobre las alarmantes complicidades de los altos círculos políticos, policiacos, militares y empresariales con el crimen organizado. Anabel Hernández tuvo acceso no sólo a una vasta documentación, inédita hasta hoy, sino a testimonios directos de autoridades y expertos en el tema, así como de personas involucradas con los principales cárteles mexicanos de la droga. Esto le ha permitido examinar rigurosamente el origen de la sangrienta lucha por el poder entre los grupos criminales, y cuestionar la "guerra" del gobierno federal contra la delincuencia organizada. Al investigar las intrincadas redes de contubernios, la autora tuvo que remontarse a la década de 1970, cuando se controlaba el tráfico de enervantes haciendo que los narcos prácticamente pagaran impuestos al gobierno. En su inquietante recorrido avanza hacia los años ochenta, cuando los jefes de la organización criminal del Pacífico, auspiciados por la CIA, incursionaron en el jugoso negocio de la cocaína, y nos conduce hasta el surgimiento de poderosos capos como los hermanos Beltrán Leyva, Ismael El Mayo Zambada o Joaquín Guzmán Loera, quienes lograron penetrar las estructuras del Estado y ponerlas a su servicio. Tras echar abajo el mito de la fuga de El Chapo de la prisión de Puente Grande en un carrito de lavandería, este libro narra su ascenso en la jerarquía del crimen y cómo ha llevado hasta sus últimas y terribles consecuencias un "pacto de impunidad" con numerosos funcionarios públicos y hombres de negocios. Este libro, en suma, se presenta como un impactante viaje al interior del mundo del narcotráfico para buscar los poderosos resortes que lo mueven, y los ha descubierto con nombre y apellido.. Genre: Nonfiction,History,Politics,Mystery,Crime,Writing,Journalism,Crime,True Crime,Historical,Biography,War,Cultural.
Title: Hunter: First Contact. Author: Carl Bowen,Ed Hall,James Maliszewski,Patrick O'Duffy,Lucien Soulban,Greg Stolze, Description: Year of the HunterAs far as the chosen know, they're the first among humanity to see the truth, to know that monsters exist and prey upon mankind. The imbued aren't the only ones to oppose the creatures of the night, however, Government agents, crusaders and mystics wage their own war. But how do these people perceive the imbued? Can alliances be forged or is war inevitable between these hunters? And how can monsters profit from it?Year of the ReckoningHunter: First Contact introduces the imbued to the World of Darkness' RM existing hunter groups such as the Inquisition, the Arcanum and government agencies. Finally, humanity's oldest and newest champions meet, but can they see eye to eye, let alone fight side by side? Or does their meeting only serve the supernatural?. Genre: Role Playing Games,World Of Darkness,Games,Role Playing Games.
Title: Straight and Level: Practical Airline Economics. Author: Stephen Holloway, Description: This third edition of Straight and Level thoroughly updates the previous edition with extensive comments on recent industry developments and emerging business models. The discussion is illustrated by current examples drawn from all sectors of the industry and every region of the world. The fundamental structure of earlier editions, now widely used as a framework for air transport management courses, nonetheless remains unchanged. Part 1 of the book provides a strategic context within which to consider the industry's economics. Part 2 is built around a simple yet powerful model that relates operating revenue to operating cost; it examines the most important elements in demand and traffic, price and yield, output and unit cost. Part 3 probes more deeply into three critical aspects of capacity management: network management; fleet management; and revenue management. Part 4 concludes the book by exploring relationships between unit revenue, unit cost, yield, and load factor. Straight and Level has been written primarily for masters-level students on aviation management courses. The book should also be useful to final year undergraduates wanting to prepare for more advanced study. Amongst practitioners, it will appeal to established managers moving from functional posts into general management. More broadly, anyone with knowledge of the airline industry who wants to gain a deeper understanding of its economics at a practical level and an insight into the reasons for its financial volatility should find the book of interest.. Genre: Aviation.
Title: Oreo. Author: Fran Ross,Harryette Mullen, Description: One of a few works of satire written by African American women, ,Oreo, is an uproariously funny novel about relations between African Americans and Jews. It is as fresh and outrageous today as when it was first published in 1974.,Born of a Jewish father and black mother, Oreo grows up in Philadelphia with her grandparents while her mother tours with a theatrical group. Soon after puberty Oreo heads for New York to search for her father, but in the big city she discovers that there are dozens of Sam Schwartzes. Oreo's mission turns into a wickedly humorous picaresque quest, reminiscent of the ancient Greek myth of Theseus. This is an ambitious and playful narrative that challenges not only the accepted notions of race, ethnicity, and identity, but also those of the novelistic form itself.. Genre: Fiction,Humor,Race,Novels,Cultural,African American,Classics,Literature,Jewish,The United States Of America,Literary Fiction,American,African American Literature.
Title: Sex, Time, and Power: How Women's Sexuality Shaped Human Evolution. Author: Leonard Shlain, Description: Why did big-brained ,Homo sapiens, suddenly emerge some 150,000 years ago? The key, according to Leonard Shlain, is female sexuality. Drawing on an awesome breadth of research, he shows how, long ago, the narrowness of the newly bipedal human female's pelvis and the increasing size of infants' heads precipitated a crisis for the species. ,Natural selection allowed for the adaptation of the human female to this environmental stress by reconfiguring her hormonal cycles, entraining them with the periodicity of the moon. The results, however, did much more than ensure our existence; they imbued women with the concept of time, and gave them control over sex--a power that males sought to reclaim. And the possibility of achieving immortality through heirs drove men to construct patriarchal cultures that went on to dominate so much of human history.,From the nature of courtship to the evolution of language, Shlain's brilliant and wide-ranging exploration stimulates new ways of thinking about very old matters.,",A masterpiece of ideas and a unique contribution to our understanding of gender and history, sexuality and evolution,.", -- Jean Houston,[,Note: includes Reader's Guide,]. Genre: Nonfiction,Science,History,Sexuality,Feminism,Anthropology,Gender,Biology,Evolution,Psychology,Sociology.
Title: Here Kitty, Kitty. Author: Joyee Flynn, Description: [Ménage Amour ManLove: Erotic Alternative Ménage a Trois Romance, M/M/M, shape-shifters],Avery Donovan has escaped after being held captive almost thirty years. He is injured and on the run seeking refuge. While making his way across a ranch in southern Montana, he catches the unique smell of his mates. Alone and scared, he decides to trust fate and follow the scent of his men.,Childhood friends, Cord Hartwell and Tyson Fitzgerald, have spent decades denying their feelings for each other until one day, an injured saber-toothed tiger shows up on their front porch, shifts into a gorgeous man, and changes their lives. Avery has forty-eight hours to convince them he is their mate and claim them, or he will die.,Will Cord and Ty finally admit their feelings for each other and their desire for Avery, or will they continue to deny their feelings and risk losing their chance at happiness?. Genre: Romance,M M Romance,Fantasy,Paranormal,Erotica,Menage,Paranormal,Shapeshifters,Romance,Menage,M M M,Adult Fiction,Erotica,LGBT,Gay,Fantasy,Romance,Paranormal Romance.
Title: X-Men: First Class, Volume 2. Author: Jeff Parker,Roger Cruz,Colleen Coover, Description: For millions of years, mankind's place on Earth was unchallenged - until five young people paved the way for a new kind of human! While students at the Xavier School for Gifted Youngsters, Cyclops, Marvel Girl, Angel, Beast and Iceman taught the world what it meant to be . These are the hidden stories of the team that laid the foundation of a mutant dynasty! Featuring Sue Storm, the Fantastic Four's Invisible Girl; the Incredible Hulk; mutant-hunting Sentinels; and more! Collecting X-MEN: FIRST CLASS (2007) #1, #5-7 and #10 ‚Äî plus cartoonist Colleen Coover takes on Xavier's five in the backup strips from issues #3, #5-6, #9 and #11-15; and the X-MEN: FIRST CLASS SPECIAL (2007).. Genre: Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Superheroes,Marvel,Marvel,X Men,Comics,Superheroes,Fiction,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Comic Book.
Title: Shadoweyes Volume 2: Shadoweyes in Love. Author: Sophie Campbell, Description: In the futuristic, dystopian city of Dranac, moody teenager Scout Montana is an aspiring vigilante, but her first attempt to beat up a mugger is halted when she's hit in the head with a brick and knocked unconscious. When she awakens, she discovers that she's able to transform into a strange, blue, clawed, superhuman creature! In this new body she becomes the vigilante Shadoweyes... This is the second volume in Wet Moon creator Ross Campbell's refreshingly offbeat and authentic teen superhero story.. Genre: Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Science Fiction,Young Adult,GLBT,Queer,LGBT,Young Adult,Teen,Comics,Superheroes,Fantasy,Graphic Novels Comics,Science Fiction,Dystopia.
Title: Soft Apocalypse. Author: Will McIntosh, Description: What happens when resources become scarce and society starts to crumble? As the competition for resources pulls America's previously stable society apart, the "New Normal" is a Soft Apocalypse. This is how our world ends; with a whimper instead of a bang. New social structures and tribal connections spring up across America, as the previous social structures begin to dissolve. Locus Award finalist and John W. Campbell Memorial Award finalist Soft Apocalypse follows the journey across the Southeast of a tribe of formerly middle class Americans as they struggle to find a place for themselves and their children in a new, dangerous world that still carries the ghostly echoes of their previous lives.. Genre: Science Fiction,Apocalyptic,Post Apocalyptic,Fiction,Science Fiction,Dystopia,Science Fiction,Apocalyptic,Adventure,Survival,Speculative Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Novels,Adventure.
Title: Built to Sell: Creating a Business That Can Thrive Without You. Author: John Warrillow, Description: According to John Warrillow, the number one mistake entrepreneurs make is to build a business that relies too heavily on them. Thus, when the time comes to sell, buyers aren't confident that the company-even if it's profitable-can stand on its own. To illustrate this, Warrillow introduces us to a fictional small business owner named Alex who is struggling to sell his advertising agency. Alex turns to Ted, an entrepreneur and old family friend, who encourages Alex to pursue three criteria to make his business sellable: * Teachable: focus on products and services that you can teach employees to deliver. * Valuable: avoid price wars by specialising in doing one thing better than anyone else. * Repeatable: generate recurring revenue by engineering products that customers have to repurchase often.. Genre: Business,Business,Entrepreneurship,Nonfiction,Buisness,Business,Management,Self Help,Leadership,Economics,Finance,Audiobook,Self Help,Personal Development.
Title: أين كنت في الحرب؟ اعترافات جنرالات الصراعات اللبنانية. Author: غسان شربل, Description: إنها قصة أربعة رجال شاركوا في الحرب وفي فصولها الأكثر قسوة، رأيت عون قائداً للجيش وحاورته رئيساً لحكومة العسكريين وبعدها في المنفى، ثم التقيته بعد عودته إلى لبنان، والتقيت حبيقة المطرود من المنطقة الشرقية ثم حاورته بعدما عاد نائباً ووزيراً قبل أن يخسر مظلته وعمره.,والتقيت جنبلاط قبل إتفاق الطائف وبعده وقبل إنعطافاته وبعدها، والتقيت جعجع على الثلوج في الجرد وفي معقله السابق في غدراس وكذلك في سجنه وبعد خروجه منه تشابكت مصائر الأربعة وساهموا كل من موقعه في إنهاك الجمهورية الأولى أو قتلها، حاورتهم في التسعينيات في إطار محاولتي جمع بعض الروايات عن الحرب قبل تواري اللاعبين.. Genre: nan.
Title: Giving. Author: Charlotte Stein, Description: Clarissa Levinson’s boyfriend has asked for a very unusual birthday present this year. He wants her to fulfill three wishes, and all of them require Clarissa to push her own personal boundaries and become the boss not just at work, but in the bedroom as well.,His kinky demands initially make her nervous, but the more she gives him what he wants, the weaker her inhibitions become. In fact, she’s starting to really like being the one in charge. Who knew domination could be so much fun?. Genre: Erotica,BDSM,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Contemporary,Romance,Romance,Erotic Romance.
Title: The Trees of Florida. Author: Gil Nelson, Description: The Trees of Florida, is the most comprehensive guide to Florida’s amazing variety of tree species, both temperate and tropical, both natives and exotics. The first edition was very popular with both professionals and laypeople since it was accurate, comprehensive, and organized and written in an easy-to-understand way. This edition will be even more useful as it adds about 140 more tree accounts for a total of more than 480 species. There are almost 600 color photos and many drawings and range maps. And now included is a key to tree families that will help with field identification.,  . Genre: Nature,Plants.
Title: Cook: Out. Author: Russ Faulk, Description: Cook: Out - Fresh Ingredients - Fresh Air - Fresh Flavors From The Grill. Genre: nan.
Title: 100 Artists' Manifestos: From the Futurists to the Stuckists. Author: Alex Danchev, Description: In this remarkable collection of 100 manifestos from the last 100 years, Alex Danchev presents the cacophony of voices of such diverse movements as Futurism, Dadaism, Surrealism, Feminism, Communism, Destructivism, Vorticism, Stridentism, Cannibalism and Stuckism, taking in along the way film, architecture, fashion, and cookery. Artists' manifestos are nothing if not revolutionary. They are outlandish, outrageous, and frequently offensive. They combine wit, wisdom, and world-shaking demands. This collection gathers together an international array of artists of every stripe, including Kandinsky, Mayakovsky, Rodchenko, Le Corbusier, Picabia, Dali, Oldenburg, Vertov, Baselitz, Kitaj, Murakami, Gilbert and George, together with their allies and collaborators - such figures as Marinetti, Apollinaire, Breton, Trotsky, Guy Debord and Rem Koolhaas. This title is edited with an Introduction by Alex Danchev.. Genre: Art,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Art,Art History,Writing,Essays,Design,Anthologies,History,Philosophy,Theory,Literature,21st Century.
Title: McQuail's Mass Communication Theory. Author: Denis McQuail, Description: The ,Fifth Edition, of this bestselling textbook provides a comprehensive, non-technical introduction to the range of approaches to understanding mass communication. Fully revised, and with new student-friendly features, , McQuail's Mass Communication Theory, offers an integrated treatment of the major components of mass communication - the sender, the message, and the audience; considers all the diverse forms of mass communication in contemporary societies - television, radio, newspapers, film, music, the Internet and other forms of new media; and demonstrates how theories of mass communication relate to the broader understanding of society and culture.. Genre: Nonfiction,Language,Communication,Academic,Grad School,Social Science.
Title: Western Garden Book: More than 8,000 Plants - The Right Plants for Your Climate - Tips from Western Garden Experts. Author: Kathleen Norris Brenzel, Description: Gardeners throughout the region will be welcoming a thoroughly updated and fresh-looking 8th edition of the "bible of Western gardening." With a new, easy-to-read design, more plant photography, larger illustrations, and more than 8,000 plant listings--500 of them new--it's THE essential book for gardeners in the Western states. What plants to grow, how to nurture them, and where they do the very best--it's all here. You'll also find updated information on the Western climate zones, 30 Plant Selection Guides, plus a Practical Guide to Gardening with basic advice on plant care and essential gardening techniques. New plant lists reflect current trends, such as Mediterranean gardening and easy-care plants for beginners. For more than 70 years, Sunset has been the source for no-nonsense gardening advice, easy-to-follow diagrams, and encyclopedic knowledge of plant varieties. In this edition, we introduce an exciting new feature: gardening tips from well-known plant experts throughout the West. The Western Garden Book has never been better! Features:,8th Edition of this perennial bestseller,More than 8,000 plant listings, 500 new, keyed to climate zones,30 Plant Selection Guides to find the perfect plant for every situation,Special contributions from 40 eminent Western garden experts,Introduction by Sunset garden editor Kathleen N. Brenzel, with a photographic tour of gardens that are truly the `Best of the West' gardens. Genre: Gardening,Reference,Nonfiction,Nature,Plants,Gardening,Horticulture,Environment,Nature,How To,Adult,Academic,School,Environment.
Title: The Pruner's Bible: A Step-by-Step Guide to Pruning Every Plant in Your Garden. Author: Steve Bradley, Description: Learn how to prune more than 80 popular plants to get the best display of flowers, foliage, colorful stems, and fruits.,Pruning is probably the area of gardening that causes the most anxiety to the average gardener. Many books add to that anxiety with illustrations that show completely different plants from those in the reader's own garden, or directions that use complex terms without explaining them. In contrast, this plant-by-plant guide demonstrates the correct pruning technique for 80 of the most widely planted trees and shrubs, with photographs and instructions that are so clear they will inspire confidence in even the novice gardener. Read The Pruner's Bible by Steve Bradley to discover:,o Basic rights and wrongs about making cuts-with information clearly photographed in step-by-step sequence,o What tools to buy and how to look after them-and how to choose the right tool for each job,o What to do with the prunings-the pros and cons of shredding, burning, bagging, and composting,o How to select young trees and shrubs that will grow into well-shaped specimens-with little or no pruning required,Covering shrubs, climbers, roses, and ornamental and fruit trees, with separate sections on hedges, topiary, and special techniques, this outstanding guide will remain a bible of pruning for years to come.. Genre: Gardening,Nonfiction.
Title: Chris Carmichael's Food for Fitness. Author: Chris Carmichael,Jim Rutberg,Kathy Zawadzki, Description: From the coach of Lance Armstrong and several more of the world's greatest athletes comes a revolutionary eating plan for all active people - from weekend warriors to elite competitors to those just trying to lose a few pounds and be more fit. , Readers will learn: , - The truth and consequences of low-carb diets for athletes, - The importance of eating the right foods for clean-burning fuel, - Which supplements work and which just waste money, - The Complete Carmichael Nutrition Program, which has carried many top athletes to victory, - Comprehensive training programs to put a nutritional program to work - for cyclists, runners, endurance athletes, and others, - The ease and benefits of dozens of quick-to-prepare, power-packed recipes. Genre: Health,Nonfiction,Sports,Fitness,Sports,Cycling,Health,Nutrition.
Title: The Best of Spider-Man: Volume 5. Author: J. Michael Straczynski,Mark  Brooks,Mike Deodato, Description: In Deep!,This deluxe hardcover collects ,Amazing Spider-Man Vol. 9: Skin Deep, and ,Amazing Spider-Man Vol. 10: New Avengers,. In ,Skin Deep,, Peter Parker must confront a former classmate who - like himself - was granted amazing powers during a science experiment gone awry. But why does he blame Peter for the laboratory mishap, and just how far will he take his quest for vengeance? And in ,New Avengers,, Trump Tower has nothing on Spider-Man! Spinning out of the pages of New Avengers, you won't believe what the fickle hand of fate has in store for Peter Parker, Mary Jane and Aunt May! But even as Peter and his family adjust to their great new pad and cool new clique, the hordes of Hydra make a final push to take over the United States! Will the web-head and the New Avengers stop the revitalized Hydra from bringing America to its knees? And if so, at what cost? ,   ,Collecting: Amazing Spider-Man #515-524., . Genre: Marvel,Spider Man,Superheroes,Marvel,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels.
Title: An Introduction to Geophysical Exploration. Author: Philip Kearey,Ian Hill,Michael Brooks, Description: This new edition of the well-established Kearey and Brooks text is fully updated to reflect the important developments in geophysical methods since the production of the previous edition. The broad scope of previous editions is maintained, with even greater clarity of explanations from the revised text and extensively revised figures. Each of the major geophysical methods is treated systematically developing the theory behind the method and detailing the instrumentation, field data acquisition techniques, data processing and interpretation methods. The practical application of each method to such diverse exploration applications as petroleum, groundwater, engineering, environmental and forensic is shown by case histories. The mathematics required in order to understand the text is purposely kept to a minimum, so the book is suitable for courses taken in geophysics by all undergraduate students. It will also be of use to postgraduate students who might wish to include geophysics in their studies and to all professional geologists who wish to discover the breadth of the subject in connection with their own work.. Genre: Science,Geology.
Title: Trotsky protests too much. Author: Emma Goldman, Description: "...Ο Τρότσκυ έχει την εντύπωση ότι κάθε επίκριση για την ανάμειξή του στην τραγωδία της Κρονστάνδης απλώς ενδυναμώνει και ενισχύει τον θανάσιμο εχθρό του, τον Στάλιν. Δεν αντιλαμβάνεται ωστόσο ότι εάν κάποιος απεχθάνεται τον βάρβαρο ο οποίος κυβερνά στο Κρεμλίνο και το απάνθρωπο καθεστώς του, δεν σημαίνει ότι απαλλάσσει και τον Λέοντα Τρότσκυ από το έγκλημα κατά των ναυτών της Κρονστάνδης.,Για να είμαι ειλικρινής, δεν βλέπω κάποια ουσιαστική διαφορά ανάμεσα στους δύο πρωταγωνιστές του γενναιόδωρου δικτατορικού συστήματος, πέρα του ότι ο Λέων Τρότσκυ δεν είναι πλέον σε θέση να εφαρμόση τις αγαθοεργίες του, ενώ ο Στάλιν είναι. Όχι, δεν υπερασπίζομαι τον τωρινό άρχοντα της Ρωσσίας. Χρειάζεται ωστόσο να τονίσω ότι ο Στάλιν δεν προέκυψε ως μάννα εξ ουρανού για τον δυστυχή ρωσσικό λαό. Απλώς, συνεχίζει την παράδοση των μπολσεβίκων και μάλιστα με ακόμη πιο ανελέητο τρόπο...". (Από την παρουσίαση στο οπισθόφυλλο του βιβλίου). Genre: nan.
Title: Happy Chic Origami: 15 Fabulous Projects. Author: Jonathan Adler,Duy Nguyen, Description: Origami has never been more colorful, chic, and charming! This delightful collection of whimsical origami animals, from paper craft wizard Duy Nguyen and designer extraordinaire Jonathan Adler, is inspired directly by Adler's iconic menagerie of ceramic creatures. Inside the kit crafters will find everything needed to add happy flair anywhere: an instructional book, Adler's signature paper, and a completed animal. The 15 quirky, artful projects range from an owl and gazelle to a dragon and greyhound.,KIT INCLUDES:,50 6"x6" sheets of origami paper in Jonathan Adler's signature patterns and colors Jonathan Adler ,Happy Chic Origami, project book for fifteen animals,Completed origami elephant. Genre: nan.
Title: Between Expectations: Lessons from a Pediatric Residency. Author: Meghan MacLean Weir, Description: When Dr. Meghan Weir first dons her scrubs and steps onto the floor of Children’s Hospital Boston as a newly minted resident, her head is packed with medical-school-textbook learning. She knows the ins and outs of the human body, has memorized the correct way to perform hundreds of complicated procedures, and can recite the symptoms of any number of diseases by rote. But none of that has truly prepared her for what she is about to experience. ,From the premature infants Dr. Weir is expected to care for on her very first day of residency to the frustrating teenagers who visit the ER at three in the morning for head colds, each day brings with it new challenges and new lessons. Dr. Weir learns that messiness, fear, and uncertainty live beneath the professional exterior of the doctor’s white coat. Yet, in addition to the hardships, the practice of medicine comes with enormous rewards of joy, camaraderie, and the triumph of healing. ,The three years of residency—when young doctors who have just graduated from medical school take on their own patients for the first time—are grueling in any specialty. But there is a unique challenge to dealing with patients too young to describe where it hurts, and it is not just having to handle their parents. In Between Expectations: Lessons from a Pediatric Residency, Dr. Weir takes readers into the nurseries, ICUs, and inpatient rooms of one of the country’s busiest hospitals for children, revealing a world many of us never get to see. With candor and humility, she explores the many humbling lessons that all residents must learn: that restraint is sometimes the right treatment option, no matter how much you want to act; that some patients, even young teenagers, aren’t interested in listening to the good advice that will make their lives easier; that parents ultimately know their own children far better than their doctors ever will. ,Dr. Weir’s thoughtful prose reveals how exhaustion and doubt define the residency experience just as much as confidence and action do. Yet the most important lesson that she learns through the months and years of residency is that having a good day on the floor does not always mean that a patient goes home miraculously healed—more often than not, success is about a steady, gradual discovery of strength. By observing the children, the parents, and other hospital staff who painstakingly provide care each day, Dr. Weir finds herself finally developing into the physician (and the parent) she hopes to become. These stories—sometimes funny, sometimes haunting—expose the humanity that is so often obscured by the doctor’s white coat.. Genre: Health,Medicine,Medical,Nonfiction,Autobiography,Memoir,Biography,Biography,Autobiography.
Title: Across the Alley. Author: Richard Michelson, Description: Abe and Willie live across the alley from each other. Willie is black and Abe is Jewish, and during the day, they don't talk. But at night they open their windows and are best friends. Willie shows Abe how to throw a real big-league slider, and Abe gives Willie his violin to try out. Then one night, Abe's grandfather catches them — will Abe and Willie have the courage to cross the alley and reveal their friendship during the day? ,Like the bestselling ,The Other Side,, E. B. Lewis's striking, atmospheric watercolors bring to life a moving story of baseball and music, and how two young people try to bridge the divide of prejudice.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Historical,Historical Fiction,Literature,Jewish,Cultural,Music,Cultural,African American,Sports,Sports,Childrens,Realistic Fiction,Historical.
Title: Chess. Author: Richard Nelson, Description: Book by Richard Nelson. Lyrics by Tim Rice. Music by Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson,Musical / 9m, 2f, 1f child, plus ensemble / Scenery: Var. sets.,The collaborators on Chess are giants of rock music and rock musicals and they have created a complex rock opera that played to full Broadway houses and standing ovations. Here the ancient game becomes a metaphor for romantic rivalries, competitive gamesmanship, super power politics and international intrigues. The pawns in this drama form a love triangle: the loutish American chess star, the earnest Russian champion and a Hungarian American female assistant who arrives at the international chess match in Bangkok with the American but falls for the Russian. From Bangkok to Budapest the players, lovers, politicians, and spies manipulate and are manipulated to the pulse of a monumental rock score that includes "One Night in Bangkok" and "Heaven Help My Heart." ,"One of the best rock scores ever produced. This is an angry, difficult, demanding and rewarding show."- Time. Genre: Music,Musicals,Fiction,Drama.
Title: Matrices: Theory and Applications. Author: Denis Serre, Description: This book is a clean and concise introduction to the basic theory of matrices. It also contains many interesting applications of matrices to different aspects of mathematics and also other areas of science and engineering. With forty percent new material, this second edition is significantly different from the first edition. The book mixes together algebra, analysis, complexity theory and numerical analysis. As such, this book will provide many scientists, not just mathematicians, with a useful and reliable reference. It is intended for advanced undergraduate and graduate students with either applied or theoretical goals. This book is based on a course given by the author at the Ecole Normale Superieure de Lyon.. Genre: Science,Mathematics,Mathematics,Algebra.
Title: The Magic Thread: Astrological Chart Interpretation Using Depth Psychology. Author: Richard Idemon,Gina Ceaglio, Description: Back due to popular demand! For centuries, philosophers, alchemists and psychologists have been intrigued and fascinated by the intricacies of the labyrinth as a metaphor for human experience. Richard Idemon sees the birth chart, a symbol of inherent universal order, as a labyrinth—a logical but complicated and elusive structure. The interwoven symbols in the horoscope are made up of a single thread that, when unravelled—like the magic thread of Ariadne—lead us through the maze to the heart of the chart and our own nature. This book is transcribed from a six-day lecture given in 1986.. Genre: Esoterica,Astrology,Psychology.
Title: The Strength Training Anatomy Workout. Author: Frédéric Delavier,Michael Gundill, Description: Over one million readers have turned to "Strength Training Anatomy" for strength training's most effective exercises. Now put those exercises to work for you with "The Strength Training Anatomy Workout.","The Strength Training Anatomy Workout "is your guide to creating the body and the results you want. Strengthen arms and legs; increase muscle mass; sculpt chest, back, and core; firm glutes; increase hip flexibility . . . it's all here, and all in the stunning detail that only Frederic Delavier can provide!,Over 150 full-color illustrations allow you to get inside more than 200 exercises and 50 workouts to see how muscles interact with surrounding joints and skeletal structures. You'll also discover how variations, progressions, and sequencing can affect muscle recruitment, the underlying structures, and ultimately the results.,The "Strength Training Anatomy Workout" includes proven programming for strength, power, bodybuilding, and toning that can be used in a gym or at home. You'll find targeted conditioning routines for optimal performance in more than 30 sports, including basketball, football, soccer, track and field, and golf.,Former editor in chief of "PowerMag" in France, author and illustrator Frederic Delavier is a journalist for "Le Monde du" "Muscle" and a contributor to "Men's Health Germany "and several other strength publications. His previous publication, "Strength Training Anatomy," has sold more than one million copies.. Genre: Sports,Fitness,Health,Sports,Sports,Nonfiction,Combat,Martial Arts.
Title: Historical Linguistics. Author: R.L. Trask, Description: This is a major introduction to historical linguistics, designed for students who have no background in historical linguistics but who have at least some knowledge of phonetics, phonology, and morphology. The author introduces all major types of change, consequences of change (dialect and language families), and methods in historical linguistics. Later chapters deal with sociolinguistic aspects of change, language contact, birth and death of languages, language and prehistory, and finally the issue of very remote relations.. Genre: Humanities,Linguistics,Nonfiction,Reference,Humanities,Language.
Title: How to Survive and Prosper as an Artist: Selling Yourself Without Selling Your Soul. Author: Caroll Michels, Description: The classic handbook for launching and sustaining a career that "explodes the romantic notion of the starving artist", with new and expanded resources for succeeding in the burgeoning Internet art market (The New York Times),Now in its fifth edition, with over 85,000 copies of previous editions sold, ,How to Survive and Prosper as an Artist, is the preeminent guide to taking control of your career and making a good living in the art world. Drawing on over two decades of experience, Caroll Michels walks artists through the complicated process of balancing grants, gallery representation, private dealer sales, and a personal studio to ensure a public profile and a steady income. Included is a wealth of insider's information on getting into a gallery, being your own PR agent, and negotiating prices, as well as innovative marketing, exhibition, and sales opportunities for various art disciplines. ,The new edition is fully updated with strategies for using the Web—everything from generating income through freelance work, to creating an entrepreneurial web site for promoting work to agents and clients, to assessing online galleries. An expanded and updated appendix adds more than 200 new resources such as Web designers, insurance and legal services for artists, internships, art colonies, and corporate and public art programs.. Genre: Art,Nonfiction,Business,Reference,Art,Art Design.
Title: Hatch!. Author: Roxie Munro, Description: Crack! Who is inside the eggs? All kinds of baby birds! Can you guess what kind of bird is like a superhero and can fly as high as a jet plane? Or which bird builds nests that can weigh as much as a car? Or which bird sleeps on the water with one eye open? Read Hatch! and find out. Hatch! gives young readers a bird’s-eye view into the fascinating world of birds and their unique eggs and nests.. Genre: Nonfiction,Childrens,Picture Books,Animals,Birds,Science,Animals,Childrens,Environment,Nature.
Title: How to Teach a Slug to Read. Author: Susan Pearson,David Slonim, Description: A little boy explains to Mama Slug how to teach Little Slug to read. Here are a few of his reading rules: Attach labels to Little Slug’s favorite things; Read out loud to him; Point out words that repeat; Sound out words; Make a vocabulary list; Be patient! And, of course, it helps if Little Slug can see the book, so prop it up and set him on a rock! David Slonim’s hilarious acrylic and charcoal illustrations and Susan Pearson’s witty text show that reading can be fun!. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Humor,Animals,Fiction,How To,Academic,School,Writing,Books About Books,Education,Science Fiction Fantasy.
Title: Giotto: The Scrovegni Chapel, Padua. Author: Bruce Cole, Description: This beautiful series lavishly illustrates the world's major fresco cycles from the early fourteenth through the seventeenth centuries. Each book also contains a comprehensive text, a biography of the artist, a bibliography, and a glossary.. Genre: Art,Art,Art History.
Title: A Wild Yearning. Author: Penelope Williamson, Description: THE PASSIONATE JOURNEY OF RESTLESS HEARTS, ,Trapped in a life of poverty in the slums of Boston, young Delia McQuaid dreamed of becoming a lady. Answering an advertisement for a mail-order bride, she headed north -- toward a remote Maine settlement, an uncertain destiny and a wedding with a stranger., ,But Ty Savitch was leading her up-country. A handsome doctor raised by Indians, he possessed a fiery untamed spirit and blood that ran hot with desires he could barely contain. With one searing kiss Ty carried the lovely Boston spitfire to ecstasy's heights. But a glorious passion suddenly born could never grow. For Delia had promised her future forever to another man..... Genre: Romance,Historical Romance,Romance,Historical,Westerns,Romance,Western Romance,Historical,Historical Fiction,Mail Order Brides.
Title: An Innocent Ruse. Author: Mary Morrow, Description: When orphaned Madeline Smythe returned to England and a home she had never seen, her mother's family had high hopes of using her as a pawn in an arranged marriage. But while Madeline might be from the wilds of Canada, she was not exactly the pliable, rustic provincial they expected.,All was not right in her family's home, and Madeline was determined to mend it. If that meant pretending to be engaged, it seemed an innocent enough ruse. Until Madeline realized that her heart was leaning in a not-so-innocent direction--toward her supposed fiance's brother, Captain Titus Rhodes.. Genre: nan.
Title: الغجر وأعمال أخرى. Author: Alexander Pushkin,ألكسندر بوشكين,رفعت سلام, Description: ديوان لشاعر روسيا الأشهر ألكسندر بوشكين,تولى ترجمة القصائد الشاعر المصرى رفعت سلام. Genre: Poetry,Cultural,Russia,Literature,Russian Literature,Classics,Fiction,Literature,Plays,Novels,Literature,19th Century.
Title: Making Good Shape. Author: Rob van Zeist,Richard Bozulich,Rob van Zeijst, Description: nan. Genre: Games,Go,Sports and Games,Games.
Title: Prey. Author: Linda Howard,Abby Crayden, Description: In this captivating novel of romantic suspense, ,New York Times, bestselling author Linda Howard brings us deep into the wild, where a smart and sexy outdoor guide and her ruggedly handsome competitor must join forces to survive—and avoid becoming what they never expected to be: PREY, ,Thirty-two-year-old Angie Powell has always spoken her mind, but in the presence of Dare Callahan she nurses a simmering rage. After all, why give Dare the satisfaction of knowing he can push her buttons ,and, push her to the edge?,Three years ago, Dare returned home to rural western Montana and opened a hunting business to rival Angie’s. Complicating matters is the fact that Dare has asked Angie out (not once but twice) and has given her a gift of butterflies in the process. Angie has no patience for butterflies. They only lead to foolish decisions. And now the infuriatingly handsome Iraq war vet has siphoned away Angie’s livelihood, forcing her to close up shop. ,Before Angie is to leave town, she organizes one last trip into the wilderness with a client and his guest, who wants to bag a black bear. But the adrenaline-fueled adventure turns deadly when Angie witnesses a cold-blooded murder and finds herself on the wrong side of a loaded gun. Before the killer can tie up this attractive loose end, a bear comes crashing through the woods—changing the dark game completely.,Luckily, Dare is camping nearby and hears the shots. Forced together for their very survival, Angie and Dare must confront hard feelings, a blinding storm, and a growing attraction—while being stalked by a desperate killer and a ferocious five-hundred-pound beast. And neither will stop until they reach their prey.,From the Hardcover edition.. Genre: Romance,Romance,Romantic Suspense,Suspense,Contemporary,Romance,Contemporary Romance,Fiction,Thriller,Mystery,Audiobook,Adventure,Survival.
Title: Quantum Physics of Atoms, Molecules, Solids, Nuclei and Particles. Author: Robert Eisberg,Robert Resnick, Description: A revision of a successful junior/senior level text, this introduction to elementary quantum mechanics clearly explains the properties of the most important quantum systems. The book emphasizes the applications of theory, and contains new material on particle physics, electron-positron annihilation in solids and the Mossbauer effect. It includes new appendices on such topics as crystallography, Fourier Integral Description of a Wave Group, and Time-Independent Perturbation Theory. Table Of Contents: ?Thermal Radiation and Planck's Postulate ?Photons-Particle like Properties of Radiation ?De Broglie's Postulate--Wavelike Properties of Particles ?Bohr's Model of the Atom ?Schroedinger's Theory of Quantum Mechanics ?Solutions of Time-Independent Schroedinger Equations ?One-Electron Atoms ?Magnetic Dipole Moments, Spin, and Transition Rates ?Multielectron Atoms--Ground States and X-Ray Excitations ?Multielectron Atoms--Optical Excitations ?Quantum Statistics ?Molecules ?Solids--Conductors and Semiconductors ?Solids--Superconductors and Magnetic Properties ?Nuclear Models ?Nuclear Decay and Nuclear Reactions ?Introduction to Elementary Particles ?More Elementary Particles Appendixes. Genre: Science,Physics.
Title: Cross-Cut Workshop. Author: Richard Hunter, Description: Reprint [with permission] of a series of articles published in the British Go Journal, with corrections and extra problems.. Genre: Games,Go.
Title: Behind the Secret Window. Author: Nelly S. Toll, Description: For thirteen months during World War II, Nelly Toll and her mother were hidden from the Nazis in the small bedroom of a Gentile couple in Lwow, Poland. Just eight years old when she went into hiding in 1943, Nelly began keeping the diary that would inspire this powerful and moving memoir of her childhood. In her small black journal Nelly wrote about the heartbreaking events she experienced in Lwow and her grief over the tragic losses of family members, as well as the day-to-day fears of life in hiding. In contrast, the exuberant, vividly colored paintings that Nelly also produced while in hiding transformed her grim reality into an enchanting fantasy world filled with school friends, bright skies, and happy families. Twenty-nine of these paintings are reproduced in Behind the Secret Window; captions help readers to trace the fascinating process of their creation. Together, text and art tell the story of a lovable, imaginative child beset with terrifying uncertainties, and of the courageous mother who nurtured her daughter's unswerving belief in brighter days ahead.. Genre: World War II,Holocaust,Nonfiction,History,Biography,War,Autobiography,Memoir,Biography,Autobiography,War,World War II,Adult,Childrens.
Title: Stephen Hawking's Life Works: The Cambridge Lectures. Author: Stephen Hawking,Michael Jackson, Description: This series of lectures, given at Cambridge University, introduces listeners to the history of ideas about the Universe as well as today's most important scientific theories about time, space, and the cosmos.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction.
Title: In the Sewers of Lvov: A Heroic Story of Survival from the Holocaust. Author: Robert Marshall, Description: In German-occupied Poland, a group of resourceful Jews found the perfect place to hide from the Nazis, and avoid the mass executions in May of 1943. Enduring hunger, rats, thirst, dysentery, and incredible psychological pressure, they hid for nearly two years in the sewer system beneath the city of Lvov. Their courage, as detailed in this inspiring book, is a testament to the enduring strength of the human spirit.. Genre: World War II,Holocaust,Nonfiction,History,War,World War II,War,Literature,Jewish,Inspirational,Historical.
Title: Green Arrow, Vol. 2: Sounds of Violence. Author: Kevin Smith,Phil Hester,Ande Parks, Description: The reinvention of a classic comics character continues...Oliver Queen (a.k.a. Green Arrow) is back in Star City, looking to get his life back in order. His relationship with the Black Canary is in tatters, and his 'family' want his undivided attention, something he's not able to give. Not when a mysterious killer is systematically taking out 'vigilantes', and Green Arrow himself is on his list. Continuing the much acclaimed run by director Kevin Smith (Jersey Girl, Jay & Silent Bob Strike Back), 'The Sounds of Violence' is another unique slice of searing comic book mythology, crafted by a master of dialogue and pacing.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Superheroes,Dc Comics,Comics,Superheroes,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Comic Book,Mystery,Fiction,Science Fiction,Mystery,Crime.
Title: Old Habits. Author: Melissa Marr, Description: Melissa Marr returns to the ravishing world of Faerie with a story set between her bestselling novels ,Ink Exchange, and ,Fragile Eternity,. ,Recently anointed king of the Dark Court, Niall struggles to forge a new relationship with his subjects—and with the former Dark King, Irial, his once-friend, once-enemy, and now possible-advisor. . Genre: Young Adult,Fantasy,Paranormal,Fairies,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Fantasy,Paranormal,Short Stories,Romance,Fairies,Fae,Fantasy,Magic,Romance,Paranormal Romance.
Title: Getting Better: Why Global Development Is Succeeding--And How We Can Improve the World Even More. Author: Charles  Kenny, Description: As the income gap between developed and developing nations grows, so grows the cacophony of voices claiming that the quest to find a simple recipe for economic growth has failed. ,Getting Better,, in sharp contrast, reports the good news about global progress. Economist Charles Kenny argues against development naysayers by pointing to the evidence of widespread improvements in health, education, peace, liberty--and even happiness.Kenny shows how the spread of cheap technologies, such as vaccines and bed nets, and ideas, such as political rights, has transformed the world. He also shows that by understanding this transformation, we can make the world an even better place to live.,That's not to say that life is grand for everyone, or that we don't have a long way to go. But improvements have spread far, and, according to Kenny, they can spread even further.. Genre: Economics,Nonfiction,International Rel...,International Development,Science,Politics,Business,History,Social Movements,Social Justice,Social Science,Earth,The World.
Title: Schrödinger's Kittens and the Search for Reality: Solving the Quantum Mysteries. Author: John Gribbin,Mark Evan Chimsky, Description: In this eagerly anticipated sequel to the classic bestseller In Search of Schrodinger's Cat, John Gribbin digs even deeper into the mysterious and confounding world of quantum mechanics. Gribbin takes infinitely complex, mind-bending experiments, brings them to life, and makes them accessible to the lay reader. Under his deft guidance, we can begin to grasp the fundamental riddle of today's quantum mechanics: how a single photon can be seen going in two directions at once. Along the way, Gribbin reveals some fascinating discoveries: how quantum particles could one day be used in a Star Trek-type teleportation system, and how quantum cryptographers have developed ways of making unbreakable codes using quantum effects.,Schrodinger's Kittens and the Search for Reality illuminates the world's most intriguing and enigmatic scientific phenomenon - and shows how the "impossible dreams" of such legendary scientists as Bohr, Feynman, and Einstein may soon become reality.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Science,Popular Science,Physics,Quantum Mechanics,History,Animals,Cats,Philosophy,Humor,Education.
Title: A Married Woman. Author: Manju Kapur, Description: Astha has everything an educated, middle-class Delhi woman could ask for - a loving husband and affluent surroundings - and yet is consumed with a sense of dissatisfaction. She begins an extra-marital affair with a younger woman, the widow of a political activist and jeopardizes everything.. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,India,LGBT,Contemporary,Asian Literature,Indian Literature,Cultural,Asia,GLBT,Queer,LGBT,Lesbian,Literary Fiction.
Title: The View from the Center of the Universe: Discovering Our Extraordinary Place in the Cosmos. Author: Joel R. Primack,Nancy Ellen Abrams, Description: A world-renowned astrophysicist and a science philosopher present a new, scientifically supported understanding of the universe, one that will forever change our personal relationship with the cosmos. , For four hundred years, since early scientists discovered that the universe did not revolve around the earth, people have felt cut off-adrift in a meaningless cosmos. That is about to change. , In their groundbreaking new book, ,The View from the Center of the Universe,, Joel R. Primack, Ph.D., one of the world's leading cosmologists, and Nancy Ellen Abrams, a philosopher and writer, use recent advances in astronomy,physics, and cosmology to frame a compelling new theory of how to understand the universe and our role in it. , While most of us think of the universe as empty space peppered with stars separated by vast distances, the truth, the authors argue, is far richer and more meaningful. For the first time in history, we know that the universe is more coherent and spiritually significant than anyone ever imagined and that our place in it is actually central to the expanding universe in important ways. , According to Primack and Abrams, this new cosmology clarifies how the universe operates, what it's made of, how it may have originated, and how it is evolving. Even more surprising, these startling ideas spring from both cutting-edge science and the metaphors of ancient symbols. The result is a very human book that satisfies our fundamental need for order and meaning in our world and in our lives.. Genre: Science,Nonfiction,Philosophy,History,Science,Astronomy,Philosophy,Metaphysics,Science,Physics,Science Nature.
Title: The Wars Of French Decolonization. Author: Anthony Clayton, Description: This suvery draws together into a single integrated account the two major wars of decolonization fought by France in Indochina (in the early 1950's) and Algeria (in the late 1950's), as well as the smaller but far from insignificant military operations that the French conducted in Madagascar, Tunisia and Morocco.,Fought at different times and in very different theatres, these conflicts - little explored in English-language scholarship as yet - have tended to be seen in isolation. By bringing them together within the covers of a single succinct analytical survey, and treating them as different manifestations of the same historical process, a major gap is filled in the literature about modern France, decolonization, and postwar military history alike.,The military operations are set in their widest context. Among the themes explored in detail are: ,- the traditional French attitudes to empire, and how these changed under the pressure of events;,- the French Army's counter-revolutionairy warfare school in the 1950's, and its politically dangerous doctrines;,- the collapse of the Fourth Republic and the return to power of de Gaulle;,- the final drama of withdrawal from Algeria, with its 'ethnic cleaning' of the European settler population.,A model of clear exposition, the study offers fascinating opportunities for comparison with the more familiar decolonization process in the British Empire (on the military aspects of which a volume will be published in the series in due course). The book includes a full Chronology, Biographical Notes and Notes on Further Reading.. Genre: History,Cultural,France,War,Military Fiction.
Title: Confessions of a Spy. Author: Pete Earley, Description: Pete Earley, the only author to conduct 50 hours of one-on-one interviews with Ames--without a censor present--presents the first and only complete story of the spy of the century, revealing a man much more complex and diabolical than previously depicted--and damage far worse than has ever been chronicled about the case. of photos.. Genre: Nonfiction,History,Spy Thriller,Espionage,Biography,Crime,True Crime,Politics.
Title: The Face of Another. Author: Kōbō Abe,E. Dale Saunders, Description: Like an elegantly chilling postscript to ,The Metamorphosis,, this classic of postwar Japanese literature describes a bizarre physical transformation that exposes the duplicities of an entire world. The narrator is a scientist hideously deformed in a laboratory accident–a man who has lost his face and, with it, his connection to other people. Even his wife is now repulsed by him. ,His only entry back into the world is to create a mask so perfect as to be undetectable. But soon he finds that such a mask is more than a disguise: it is an alternate self–a self that is capable of anything. A remorseless meditation on nature, identity and the social contract, ,The Face of Another, is an intellectual horror story of the highest order.. Genre: Fiction,Asian Literature,Japanese Literature,Cultural,Japan,Science Fiction,Classics,Horror,Literature,Literature,Asian Literature,Literature,20th Century,Novels.
Title: The Path of Least Resistance for Managers. Author: Robert Fritz,Peter M. Senge, Description: Science tells us that energy travels where it is easiest to go, and business consultant Robert Fritz borrows from this concept to provide a concrete methodology that managers can put to use immediately to develop their own paths of least resistance toward success.Fritz incorporates four crucial activities -- new methods are studied, spread, and adopted; being smart is rewarded; cooperation rather than competition is practiced; and fairness is the standard operating principle -- into a comprehensive guide to the structural laws that govern all organizations. He prescribes a direct approach to redesigning an organization's structure to allow positive practices to follow the paths of least resistance.. Genre: Business,Business,Management,Leadership,Nonfiction,Self Help,Productivity.
Title: A Theology for the Church. Author: Daniel L. Akin, Description: A Theology for the Church,, an immense 992-page work edited by Daniel Akin, with contributions from leading Baptist thinkers Albert Mohler, Jr., Paige Patterson, Timothy George, and many others, addresses four major issues in regard to eight Christian doctrines.,What does the Bible say? Each Christian doctrine is rooted in the Bible’s own teaching in both the Old and New Testaments.,What has the Church believed? Christians have interpreted these doctrines in somewhat different ways through the centuries.,How do the doctrines fit together? Each Christian doctrine must cohere with the other doctrines.,How does each doctrine impact the church today? Each Christian doctrine must be meaningful for today’s church. It’s sure to become a widely-used resource in systematic theology study. . Genre: Religion,Theology,Reference,Religion,Christianity,Nonfiction,Christian,History,Christianity,Ecclesiology,Religion,Academic,School.
Title: Vogue® Knitting Knitopedia™: The Ultimate A to Z for Knitters. Author: Vogue Knitting,Carla Scott, Description: If knitters could own just one guide to their craft, ,Knitopedia,™ would be their book of choice! Created by the trusted experts at ,Vogue,®, Knitting,, this beautifully designed encyclopedia is an A-to-Z of knitting techniques, history, and lore that’s filled with more than 400 individual articles and lavishly illustrated with color photos, technical illustrations, charts, patterns, and maps. It’s an ideal reference for both beginning and advanced knitters, who will treasure it for years to come. . Genre: Crafts,Knitting,Art,Crafts,Nonfiction.
Title: Landscaping for Your Home. Author: Catriona Tudor Erler, Description:    ,Landscaping  for Your Home , ,covers every aspect of home landscaping, from design principles to construction projects; plant selection to plant care. The book consists of three parts. Part One: Preparing to Landscape explains how to design and create a landscape. Part Two: Setting the Stage shows how to build such features as paths, ponds, walls, decks, and watering systems. Part Three: Planting and Growing describes how to select, plant, and care for flowers, trees, shrubs, ground covers, and lawns.. Genre: Gardening.
Title: Jackie & Me. Author: Dan Gutman, Description: Like every other kid in his class, Joe Stoscack has to write a report on an African American who's made an important contribution to society. Unlike every other kid in his class, Joe has a special talent: with the help of old baseball cards, he can travel through time. So for his report, Joe decides to go back to meet one of the greatest baseball players ever, Jackie Robinson, to find out what it was like to be the man who broke baseball's color barrier. Joe plans on writing a prize-winning report. But he doesn't plan on a trip that will for a short time change the color of his skin -- and forever change his view of history and his definition of 01-02 Golden Sower Award Masterlist (YA Cat.) and 00 Pennsylvania Keystone to Reading Book Award (Intermed. Cat.),Like every other kid in his class, Joe Stoshack has to write a report on an African American who's made an important contribution to society. Unlike every other kid in his class, Joe has a special talent: with the help of old baseball cards, he can travel through time. So for his report, Joe decides to go back to meet one of the greatest baseball players ever, Jackie Robinson, to find out what it was like to be the man who broke baseball's color barrier. Joe plans on writing a prize-winning report. But he doesn't plan on a trip that will for a short time change the color of his skin--and forever change his view of history and his definition of courage.. Genre: Sports,Sports,Historical,Historical Fiction,Sports,Baseball,Fiction,Fantasy,Science Fiction,Time Travel,Childrens,Adventure,Childrens,Middle Grade,Historical.
Title: Grace of Day. Author: S.L. Naeole, Description: Grace's senior year is almost over and it's ending in a way she's never imagined. Her best friend is by her side, her boyfriend is now her fiance, and her life is moving forward.,But good things never last. ,Before she knows what's happening, Grace's life is turned upside-down once more and she's forced to face the truth about who and what she is, and what that means to Robert, the only other person who understands what that truth means. But that's only the beginning as the forces that want Grace dead, and the friends and family that want Grace alive and safe finally collide in a battle where the prize isn't just life, but also death.. Genre: Paranormal,Angels,Young Adult,Fantasy,Paranormal,Romance,Paranormal Romance,Romance,Fantasy,Fantasy,Supernatural,Young Adult,Young Adult Paranormal,New Adult,Fiction.
Title: Honus & Me. Author: Dan Gutman, Description: Joe Stoshack lives for baseball. He knows everything there is to know about the game -- except how to play well. His specialty is striking out. Stosh feels like a real loser, and when he takes a low-paying job cleaning a bunch of junk out of his neighbor's attic, he feels even worse -- until he comes across a little piece of cardboard that takes his breath away. His heart is racing. His brain is racing. He can hardly believe his eyes. Stosh has stumbled upon a T-206 Honus Wagner -- the most valuable baseball card in the world! And he's about to find out that it's worth a lot more than money..... Genre: Sports,Sports,Sports,Baseball,Historical,Historical Fiction,Fantasy,Fiction,Science Fiction,Time Travel,Childrens,Childrens,Middle Grade,Young Adult,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: Strange Empire. Author: Joseph Kinsey Howard, Description: With passion and verve, Joseph Kinsey Howard, author of the best-selling Montana: High, Wide, and Handsome, narrates the tragic story of Riel, the Metis people, and their struggle for a homeland on the plains of the U.S.-Canada border.. Genre: History,North American Hi...,American History.
Title: Indian Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction. Author: Sue Hamilton, Description: India has a long, rich, and diverse tradition of philosophical thought, spanning some two and a half millennia and encompassing several major religious traditions.,In this intriguing introduction to Indian philosophy, the diversity of Indian thought is emphasized. It is structured around six schools of thought that have received classic status. Sue Hamilton explores how the traditions have attempted to understand the nature of reality in terms of inner or spiritual quest and introduces distinctively Indian concepts, such as karma and rebirth. She also explains how Indian thinkers have understood issues of reality and knowledge--issues that are also an important part of the Western philosophical tradition.,About the Series: ,Combining authority with wit, accessibility, and style, ,Very Short Introductions, offer an introduction to some of life's most interesting topics. Written by experts for the newcomer, they demonstrate the finest contemporary thinking about the central problems and issues in hundreds of key topics, from philosophy to Freud, quantum theory to Islam.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction,Religion,Cultural,India,Religion,Hinduism,Religion,Buddhism,History,Philosophy,Eastern Philosophy,Cultural,Asia,Reference.
Title: Dr. Carbles Is Losing His Marbles!. Author: Dan Gutman,Jim Paillot, Description: Something weird is going on!,It's Thanksgiving! A.J. is thankful for four days off from school. But he's not thankful for Dr. Carbles, who is grumpier than ever. Dr. Carbles even fires Mr. Klutz! Will A.J. and his friends be able to save their principal's job?. Genre: Humor,Childrens,Childrens,Chapter Books,Fiction,Realistic Fiction,Childrens,Middle Grade,Academic,School.
Title: Continental Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction. Author: Simon Critchley, Description: In this enlightening new ,Very Short Introduction,, Simon Critchley shows us that Continental philosophy encompasses a distinct set of philosophical traditions and practices, with a compelling range of problems all too often ignored by the analytic tradition. He discusses the ideas and approaches of philosophers such as Kant, Hegel, Nietzsche, Husserl, Heidegger, Sartre, Habermas, Foucault, and Derrida. He also introduces key concepts such as existentialism, nihilism, and phenomonology, by explaining their place in the Continental tradition.,The perfect guide for anyone interested in the great philosophers, this volume explains in lucid, straightforward language the split between Continental and Anglo-American philosophy and the importance of acknowledging Continental philosophy.,About the Series: , Combining authority with wit, accessibility, and style, ,Very Short Introductions, offer an introduction to some of life's most interesting topics. Written by experts for the newcomer, they demonstrate the finest contemporary thinking about the central problems and issues in hundreds of key topics, from philosophy to Freud, quantum theory to Islam.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction,History,Academic,Modern,Philosophy,Metaphysics,Philosophy,Theory.
Title: Political Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction. Author: David    Miller, Description: This, Very Short Introduction ,introduces readers to the key concepts of political philosophy: authority, democracy, freedom and its limits, justice, feminism, multiculturalism, and nationality. Accessibly written and assuming no previous knowledge of the subject, it encourages the reader to think clearly and critically about the leading political questions of our time.,Miller first investigates how political philosophy tackles basic ethical questions such as 'how should we live together in society?' He furthermore looks at political authority, discusses the reasons society needs politics in the first place, explores the limitations of politics, and asks if there are areas of life that shouldn't be governed by politics. Moreover, he explores the connections between political authority and justice, a constant theme in political philosophy, and the ways in which social justice can be used to regulate rather than destroy a market economy.,In his travels through this realm, Miller covers why nations are the natural units of government and wonders if the rise of multiculturalism and transnational co-operation will change all this, and asks in the end if we will ever see the formation of a world government.,About the Series: ,Combining authority with wit, accessibility, and style, ,Very Short Introductions, offer an introduction to some of life's most interesting topics. Written by experts for the newcomer, they demonstrate the finest contemporary thinking about the central problems and issues in hundreds of key topics, from philosophy to Freud, quantum theory to Islam.. Genre: Philosophy,Politics,Nonfiction,History,Politics,Political Science,Reference,Humanities,Sociology,Philosophy,Theory,Science.
Title: The Northside: African Americans and the Creation of Atlantic City. Author: Nelson Johnson, Description: Nelson Johnson frequently stopped working on Boardwalk Empire to wrestle with how best to handle the thorny subject of race. But he persisted, and the result was a chapterâ��"A Plantation by the Sea"â��that inspired this powerful sequel.,In The Northside, Johnson brings the untold story of Atlantic City's black community vividly to life, from the arrival of the first African Americans to Absecon Island in the early 19th century through the glory days of the "World's Playground." Drawing on dozens of personal interviews and painstaking archival research, he reveals long-forgotten details about the people on whose backs the gambling mecca was built and offers a wide-ranging survey of the accomplishments of more recent generations.,Exploited for their labor and banished to the most undesirable part of town, resilient Northsiders created a vibrant city within a cityâ��a place where black culture could thrive and young people could aspire to become artists, athletes, educators, and leaders of business, politics, and society. As Nelson Johnson shows in this unflinching portrait, Atlantic City was built on their toilâ��and the Northside was born of their dreams.. Genre: History,Nonfiction.
Title: Ancient Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction. Author: Julia Annas, Description: The tradition of ancient philosophy is a long, rich and varied one, in which the notes of discussion and argument constantly resound. This book aims to introduce readers to some ancient debates and to get them to engage with the ancient developments of some themes. Getting away from the presentation of ancient philosophy as a succession of Great Thinkers, the book aims to give readers a sense of the freshness and liveliness of ancient philosophy, and of its wide variety of themes and styles.,About the Author:,Julia Annas is Professor of Philosophy at the University of Arizona and author of several books for OUP, including ,An Introduction to Platos Republic, and ,The Morality of Happiness,. She is also series editor for the Oxford Studies in Ancient Philosophy.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction,History,Classics,Religion,History,Ancient History,Philosophy,Theory,Literature,Ancient,Reference.
Title: Dare to Dream. Author: Becky Wilde, Description: Devin Knight has been working as a PA for her boss' Gareth Farrell and Brody Camp, the owner of a software company. She has been in love with the two men since practically the beginning, but knows she doesn't have a chance of being with them as they are gay.,After an office party which Devin is drugged at by a new colleague, she reveals that she is in love with both her boss'. The two men take her home to look after her and when she is feeling well again they seduce her revealing they are not gay but bi sexual.,Will she dare to dream their relationship could be based on so much more than the physical or will she walk away?. Genre: Erotica,Menage,Adult Fiction,Erotica,Menage,M M F,Romance,M M Romance,Contemporary.
Title: Philosophy of Law: A Very Short Introduction. Author: Raymond Wacks, Description: This lively and accessible introduction to the social, moral, and cultural foundations of law takes a broad scope-- spanning philosophy, law, politics, and economics, and discussing a range of topics including women's rights, racism, the environment, and recent international issues such as the war in Iraq and the treatment of terror suspects. Revealing the intriguing and challenging nature of legal philosophy with clarity and enthusiasm, Raymond Wacks explores the notion of law and its role in our lives. Referring to key thinkers from the classical world to the modern, he looks at the central questions behind legal theory that have always fascinated lawyers and philosophers, as well as anyone who ever wondered about law's relation to justice, morality, and democracy.,About the Series: ,Combining authority with wit, accessibility, and style, ,Very Short Introductions, offer an introduction to some of life's most interesting topics. Written by experts for the newcomer, they demonstrate the finest contemporary thinking about the central problems and issues in hundreds of key topics, from philosophy to Freud, quantum theory to Islam.. Genre: Philosophy,Law,Nonfiction,Politics,Reference,Academic,Social Science.
Title: Just Us Women. Author: Jeannette Franklin Caines,Pat Cummings, Description: "No boys and no men-just us women," Aunt Martha tells her niece. And together they plan their trip to North Carolina in Aunt Martha's brand-new car. This is to be a very special outing-with no one to hurry them along, the two travelers can do exactly as they please.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Realistic Fiction,Family,Womens,Fiction,Gender,Gender Identity,Childrens,Juvenile,Classics.
Title: Blood Secret. Author: Kathryn Lasky, Description: The minute she had opened the trunk, she knew there wasn't anything like hope in it. Just awful musty things, but each one with a kind of terrible dark halo around it. She picked up that piece of old lace. She saw that stain -- pale, brownish in color. She knew it was blood. Somebody's blood. There was violence in that trunk, and dark secrets, and she did not want to know them. Curious about the old homestead where she now lives, Jerry finds an ancient trunk in the basement that contains, among other things, an old piece of bloodstained lace, some letters, and a battered doll. The objects in the trunk have stories to tell -- stories about the Spanish Inquisition spanning nearly five hundred years and stories of secrets locked deep in the bloodlines of Jerry's ancestors.,Kathryn Lasky's powerhouse novel is a dramatic historical saga that brings the reader face-to-face with some of the worst atrocities ever committed against humankind in the name of God. But above all, it is an unforgettable coming-of-age story about a girl who, in connecting with her own past and faith, is at last able to face her own demons and liberate not only herself but also future generations of her family from the long chain of suffering and silence.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Young Adult,Historical,Fiction,Religion,Cultural,Spain,Fantasy,Literature,Jewish,Family,Mystery.
Title: Taking a Chance. Author: Janice Kay Johnson, Description: Taking A Chance by Janice Kay Johnson released on Jun 24, 2003 is available now for purchase.. Genre: Romance,Category Romance,Love Inspired,Contemporary.
Title: What Does It All Mean? A Very Short Introduction to Philosophy. Author: Thomas Nagel, Description: In this cogent and accessible introduction to philosophy, the distinguished author of ,Mortal Questions, and ,The View From Nowhere, sets forth the central problems of philosophical inquiry for the beginning student. Arguing that the best way to learn about philosophy is to think about its questions directly, Thomas Nagel considers possible solutions to nine problems--knowledge of the world beyond our minds, knowledge of other minds, the mind-body problem, free will, the basis of morality, right and wrong, the nature of death, the meaning of life, and the meaning of words. Although he states his own opinions clearly, Nagel leaves these fundamental questions open, allowing students to entertain other solutions and encouraging them to think for themselves.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction,Science,Academic,School,Academic,Writing,Essays,Academic,Academia,Classics,Reference,Contemporary.
Title: Wildflower Hill. Author: Kimberley Freeman, Description: Forced to take her life in a new direction when an injury ends her ballet career, Emma returns to her home in Australia and learns that she has inherited an isolated sheep station from a late grandmother who would impart key lessons about love and motherhood.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Romance,Cultural,Australia,Historical,Womens Fiction,Chick Lit,Contemporary,Adult,Adult Fiction,Audiobook.
Title: Quantum Physics: A Beginner's Guide. Author: Alastair I.M. Rae, Description: From quarks to computing, this fascinating introduction covers every element of the quantum world in clear and accessible language. Drawing on a wealth of expertise to explain just what a fascinating field quantum physics is, Rae points out that it is not simply a maze of technical jargon and philosophical ideas, but a reality which affects our daily lives.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Physics,Quantum Mechanics.
Title: Whose Hunger?: Concepts of Famine, Practices of Aid. Author: Jenny Edkins, Description: An analytical look at the ways we define and respond to famine. ,We see famine and look for the likely causes: poor food distribution, unstable regimes, caprices of weather. A technical problem, we tell ourselves, one that modern social and natural science will someday resolve. To the contrary, Jenny Edkins responds in this book: Famine in the contemporary world is not the antithesis of modernity but its symptom. A critical investigation of hunger, famine, and aid practices in international politics, Whose Hunger? shows how the forms and ideas of modernity frame our understanding of famine-and, consequently, shape our responses. ,Edkins examines Malthus and the origins of famine theory in notions of scarcity. Drawing on the work of Lacan, de Waal, Foucault, Zizek, and particularly Derrida, she considers Amartya Sen's entitlement approach, the Band Aid/Live Aid events, and food for work projects in Eritrea as examples of the technologization and repoliticization of famine. From the politics of famine to the practices of aid, from the theories of modernity to the complex emergencies of modern life, from the broad view to the telling detail, this searching book takes us closer than ever to a clear understanding of some of the worst ravages of our time.. Genre: Politics.
Title: My Secret War: The World War II Diary of Madeline Beck, Long Island, New York 1941. Author: Mary Pope Osborne, Description: In a diary that brings to life the dramatic happenings on the home front during World War II, Madeline Beck is living in a boardinghouse with her mother while her father is on an aircraft carrier guarding the Pacific Coast. After discovering that a German U-boat has landed near her home--a little-known, true incident on Long Island--she and her classmates form "Kids Fight for Freedom" and participate in the home front war effort.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Young Adult,Fiction,Historical,Childrens,Middle Grade,Childrens,War,World War II,Diary,War,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: The Quantum World:. Author: Kenneth W. Ford, Description: As Kenneth W. Ford shows us in ,The Quantum World,, the laws governing the very small and the very swift defy common sense and stretch our minds to the limit. Drawing on a deep familiarity with the discoveries of the twentieth century, Ford gives an appealing account of quantum physics that will help the serious reader make sense of a science that, for all its successes, remains mysterious. In order to make the book even more suitable for classroom use, the author, assisted by Diane Goldstein, has included a new section of Quantum Questions at the back of the book. A separate answer manual to these 300+ questions is available; visit ,The Quantum World, website for ordering information.,There is also a cloth edition of this book, which does not include the Quantum Questions included in this paperback edition.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Physics,Quantum Mechanics.
Title: Mañana Forever? Mexico and the Mexicans. Author: Jorge G. Castañeda, Description: Why are Mexicans so successful in individual sports, but deficient in team play? Why do Mexicans dislike living in skyscrapers? Why do Mexicans love to see themselves as victims, but also love victims? And why, though the Mexican people traditionally avoid conflict, is there so much violence in a country where many leaders have died by assassination? ,In this shrewd and fascinating book, the renowned scholar and former foreign minister Jorge Castañeda sheds much light on the puzzling paradoxes of his native country. Here’s a nation of 110 million that has an ambivalent and complicated relationship with the United States yet is host to more American expatriates than any country in the world. Its people tend to resent foreigners yet have made the nation a hugely popular tourist destination. Mexican individualism and individual ties to the land reflect a desire to conserve the past and slow the route to uncertain modernity. ,Castañeda examines the future possibilities for Mexico as it becomes more diverse in its regional identities, socially more homogenous, its character and culture the instruments of change rather than sources of stagnation, its political system more open and democratic. ,Mañana Forever?, is a compelling portrait of a nation at a crossroads.. Genre: Nonfiction,History,Cultural,Politics.
Title: The Life of Herbert Hoover, Volume 3: Master of Emergencies, 1917-1918. Author: George H. Nash, Description: National Review has called a "magisterial work of scholarship on one of our least-known presidents, and an important era in American history."The entry of the United States into the First World War in late 1911 found Herbert Hoover at a crossroads. Three years earlier, he had been a successful mining engineer in London. Then, as the war intensified in Europe, Hoover founded and led the Commission for Relief in Belgium, which provided desperately needed fuel to more than nine million Belgian and French citizens trapped between the German army of occupation and the British naval blockade. That emergency undertaking eventually evolved into one of the greatest humanitarian enterprises in history. It also brought Hoover into international prominence.Here Herbert Hoover moves toward Washington and center stage in his own country. Shortly after the United States's declaration of war, he entered into able service under Woodrow Wilson as a member of the President's War Cabinet and U.S. Food Administration. His goal was to standardize food production to control surging food prices, and to create surpluses of exportable foodstuffs for America's allies. "Food will win the war" became Hoover's slogan.Hoover encountered the tumult of district politics and became both agent and catalyst of the moment in American lives when a traditionally decentralized economy was coming under price control and other forms of governmental restraint. We see Hoover as builder and bureaucrat, a man who brought force, drive, and ability into the service of his country.. Genre: Politics,Presidents,History,Biography,Biography Memoir.
Title: Quantum Physics of Atoms, Molecules, Solids, Nuclei, and Particles. Author: Robert M. Eisberg,Robert Resnick, Description: A revision of a successful junior/senior level text, this introduction to elementary quantum mechanics clearly explains the properties of the most important quantum systems. Emphasizes the applications of theory, and contains new material on particle physics, electron-positron annihilation in solids and the Mossbauer effect. Includes new appendices on such topics as crystallography, Fourier Integral Description of a Wave Group, and Time-Independent Perturbation Theory.. Genre: Science,Physics,Science,Textbooks,Nonfiction,Reference,Physics,Quantum Mechanics,Literature,20th Century.
Title: Nuclear Power: A Very Short Introduction. Author: Maxwell Irvine, Description: With the world desperate to find energy sources that do not emit carbon gases--a desire compounded by the sky-rocketing cost of fossil fuels--nuclear power is back on the agenda and in the news. Yet nuclear power sparks anxiety in many people who are unclear about the nature and extent of the associated risks. In this Very Short Introduction, Maxwell Irvine provides an informative and balanced overview of the entire subject. He presents a concise history of the development of nuclear physics leading up to the emergence of the nuclear power industry and discusses the nature of nuclear energy and the various aspects of public concern, including the risks of nuclear safety, the cost of its development, and the problems of waste disposal. The book looks specifically at safety records, including accounts of the Windscale fire, the Three Mile Island incident, and the Chernobyl disaster. As he dispels much of the widespread confusion about nuclear energy, Irvine argues for the relevance of nuclear power to the ongoing energy crisis and encourages informed debate about its potential.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Science,Engineering,History.
Title: Circle of Friends Cookbook - 25 Mac & Cheese Recipes: Exclusive on-line cookbook. Author: Gooseberry Patch, Description: Our Circle of Friends cookbook chapters are now available for your digital devices! With recipes like Triple Cheese Mac, Zesty Slow-Cooker Mac & Cheese, Pizza Mac & Cheese and 22 more, these savory favorites are perfect for quick dinners and hearty, homemade lunches. They're ready to download...take them along for meal-planning or recipe-sharing on the go! Digital file, 25 recipes.. Genre: Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Food and Drink,Cooking,Food and Drink,Food,Nonfiction,Reference.
Title: Mathematics of Classical and Quantum Physics. Author: Frederick W. Byron Jr.,Robert W.  Fuller, Description: This textbook is designed to complement graduate-level physics texts in classical mechanics, electricity, magnetism, and quantum mechanics. Organized around the central concept of a vector space, the book includes numerous physical applications in the body of the text as well as many problems of a physical nature. It is also one of the purposes of this book to introduce the physicist to the language and style of mathematics as well as the content of those particular subjects with contemporary relevance in physics.,Chapters 1 and 2 are devoted to the mathematics of classical physics. Chapters 3, 4 and 5 — the backbone of the book — cover the theory of vector spaces. Chapter 6 covers analytic function theory. In chapters 7, 8, and 9 the authors take up several important techniques of theoretical physics — the Green's function method of solving differential and partial differential equations, and the theory of integral equations. Chapter 10 introduces the theory of groups. The authors have included a large selection of problems at the end of each chapter, some illustrating or extending mathematical points, others stressing physical application of techniques developed in the text.,Essentially self-contained, the book assumes only the standard undergraduate preparation in physics and mathematics, i.e. intermediate mechanics, electricity and magnetism, introductory quantum mechanics, advanced calculus and differential equations. The text may be easily adapted for a one-semester course at the graduate or advanced undergraduate level.. Genre: Science,Physics,Science,Mathematics,Science,Reference,Textbooks,Nonfiction.
Title: Geomancy for Beginners: Simple Techniques for Earth Divination. Author: Richard Webster, Description: Geomancy, a three-thousand-year-old form of earth divination, can answer your questions about relationships, career, money, and all aspects of life.,In this comprehensive, easy-to-follow introduction to the topic, bestselling author Richard Webster presents eight different methods you can try, from astrological geomancy to Arthurian divination to a version attributed to Napoleon. Each method is based on making a random number of marks, then interpreting the message based on the resulting pattern. ,Geomancy for Beginners ,also includes simple instructions on how to craft your own geomantic tools.,With Webster's sample readings and diagrams, it's easy to begin practicing this age-old form of divination to receive guidance and insight.. Genre: Occult,Divination,Religion,Witchcraft.
Title: Knocking on Heaven's Door: A New Testament Theology of Petitionary Prayer. Author: David Crump, Description: How are we to understand petitionary prayer? This is a key question for any thoughtful believer who desires to take both the Bible and experience seriously. Some believe God answers any prayer as long as the one praying has enough faith and/or persistence. Others conclude from experience that prayer is really for our benefit and has no impact on God's actions. According to David Crump, both views are extreme and potentially harmful.,While books that deal with prayer from a devotional or experiential perspective have their value, ,Knocking on Heaven's Door ,takes a different approach. Crump carefully studies every New Testament passage that has to do with petitionary prayer and draws conclusions that are both theological and pastoral to help us understand the great mystery of prayer.. Genre: Prayer,Religion,Theology.
Title: The Hair of Harold Roux. Author: Thomas    Williams,Andre Dubus III, Description: In 1975 the National Book Award Fiction Prize was awarded to two writers: Robert Stone and Thomas Williams. Yet only Stone's ,Dog Soldiers, is still remembered today. That oversight is startling when considering the literary impact of ,The Hair of Harold Roux,. A dazzlingly crafted novel-within-a-novel hailed as a masterpiece, it deserves a new generation of readers. ,In The Hair of Harold Roux,, we are introduced to Aaron Benham: college professor, writer, husband, and father. Aaron-when he can focus-is at work on a novel, ,The Hair of Harold Roux,, a thinly disguised autobiographical account of his college days. In Aaron's novel, his alter ego, Allard Benson, courts a young woman, despite the efforts of his rival, the earnest and balding Harold Roux-a GI recently returned from World War II with an unfortunate hairpiece. What unfolds through Aaron's mind, his past and present, and his nested narratives is a fascinating exploration of sex and friendship, responsibility and regret, youth and middle age, and the essential fictions that see us through.. Genre: Fiction,Novels,Classics,Literary Fiction,Literature,Language,Writing,American,Americana,Adult Fiction,Contemporary,Literature,American.
Title: Quantum Enigma: Physics Encounters Consciousness. Author: Bruce Rosenblum,Fred Kuttner, Description: The most successful theory in all of science--and the basis of one third of our economy--says the strangest things about the world and about us. Can you believe that physical reality is created by our observation of it? Physicists were forced to this conclusion, the quantum enigma, by what they observed in their laboratories.,Trying to understand the atom, physicists built quantum mechanics and found, to their embarrassment, that their theory intimately connects consciousness with the physical world. ,Quantum Enigma, explores what that implies and why some founders of the theory became the foremost objectors to it. Schr�dinger showed that it absurdly allowed a cat to be in a superposition simultaneously dead and alive. Einstein derided the theory's spooky interactions. With Bell's Theorem, we now know Schr�dinger's superpositions and Einstein's spooky interactions indeed exist.,Authors Bruce Rosenblum and Fred Kuttner explain all of this in non-technical terms with help from some fanciful stories and bits about the theory's developers. They present the quantum mystery honestly, with an emphasis on what is and what is not speculation.,Physics' encounter with consciousness is its skeleton in the closet. Because the authors open the closet and examine the skeleton, theirs is a controversial book. ,Quantum Enigma's, description of the experimental quantum facts, and the quantum theory explaining them, is undisputed. Interpreting what it all means, however, is controversial.,Every interpretation of quantum physics encounters consciousness. Rosenblum and Kuttner therefore turn to exploring consciousness itself--and encounter quantum physics. Free will and anthropic principles become crucial issues, and the connection of consciousness with the cosmos suggested by some leading quantum cosmologists is mind-blowing.,Readers are brought to a boundary where the particular expertise of physicists is no longer a sure guide. They will find, instead, the facts and hints provided by quantum mechanics and the ability to speculate for themselves.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Physics,Quantum Mechanics,Philosophy,Spirituality,Psychology,Science,Popular Science,Biology,Neuroscience,Science,Mathematics.
Title: The Power of Black Music: Interpreting Its History from Africa to the United States. Author: Samuel A. Floyd Jr., Description: When Jimi Hendrix transfixed the crowds of Woodstock with his gripping version of The Star Spangled Banner, he was building on a foundation reaching back, in part, to the revolutionary guitar playing of Howlin' Wolf and the other great Chicago bluesmen, and to the Delta blues tradition before him. But in its unforgettable introduction, followed by his unaccompanied talking guitar passage and inserted calls and responses at key points in the musical narrative, Hendrix's performance of the national anthem also hearkened back to a tradition even older than the blues, a tradition rooted in the rings of dance, drum, and song shared by peoples across Africa.,Bold and original, ,The Power of Black Music, offers a new way of listening to the music of black America, and appreciating its profound contribution to all American music. Striving to break down the barriers that remain between high art and low art, it brilliantly illuminates the centuries-old linkage between the music, myths and rituals of Africa and the continuing evolution and enduring vitality of African-American music. Inspired by the pioneering work of Sterling Stuckey and Henry Louis Gates, Jr., author Samuel A. Floyd, Jr, advocates a new critical approach grounded in the forms and traditions of the music itself. He accompanies readers on a fascinating journey from the African ring, through the ring shout's powerful merging of music and dance in the slave culture, to the funeral parade practices of the early new Orleans jazzmen, the bluesmen in the twenties, the beboppers in the forties, and the free jazz, rock, Motown, and concert hall composers of the sixties and beyond. Floyd dismisses the assumption that Africans brought to the United States as slaves took the music of whites in the New World and transformed it through their own performance practices. Instead, he recognizes European influences, while demonstrating how much black music has continued to share with its African counterparts. Floyd maintains that while African Americans may not have direct knowledge of African traditions and myths, they can intuitively recognize links to an authentic African cultural memory. For example, in speaking of his grandfather Omar, who died a slave as a young man, the jazz clarinetist Sidney Bechet said, Inside him he'd got the memory of all the wrong that's been done to my people. That's what the memory is....When a blues is good, that kind of memory just grows up inside it. ,Grounding his scholarship and meticulous research in his childhood memories of black folk culture and his own experiences as a musician and listener, Floyd maintains that the memory of Omar and all those who came before and after him remains a driving force in the black music of America, a force with the power to enrich cultures the world over.. Genre: Music,History,Nonfiction,Music,Jazz.
Title: Book in a Month: The Fool-Proof System for Writing a Novel in 30 Days. Author: Victoria Lynn Schmidt, Description:    ,What Can You Accomplish in 30 Days?, ,If you make time to write and put away all of your excuses, could you stay on track and finish your novel in only a month? With a structured plan and a focused goal, yes, you can!,Using a combination of flexible weekly schedules, focused instruction, and detailed worksheets, author Victoria Schmidt leads you through a proven 30-day novel-writing system without the intimidation factor. ,Book in a Month, shows you how to:,    ,   ,   ,   ,    Set realistic goals and monitor your progress,     Manage your time so that your writing life has room to flourish,     Select a story topic that will continue to inspire you throughout the writing process,     Quickly outline your entire story so that you have a clear idea of how your plot and characters are going to develop before you start writing,     Draft each act of your story by focusing on specific turning points,     Keep track of the areas you want to revise without losing your momentum in the middle of your story,     Relax and have fun-you are, after all, doing something you love   ,So what are you waiting for? If you've been putting off your book project, let ,Book in a Month, be your guide and find out just how much you can accomplish.. Genre: Language,Writing,Nonfiction,Reference,How To,Education,Adult,Reference,Research.
Title: John Tyler, the Accidental President. Author: Edward P. Crapol, Description: The first vice president to become president on the death of the incumbent, John Tyler (1790-1862) was derided by critics as His Accidency. Yet he proved to be a bold leader who used the malleable executive system to his advantage. In this biography of the tenth President of the United States, Edward P. Crapol challenges previous depictions of Tyler as a die-hard advocate of states' rights, limited government, and a strict interpretation of the Constitution.,In pursuit of his agenda, Crapol argues, Tyler exploited executive prerogatives and manipulated constitutional requirements in ways that violated his professed allegiance to a strict interpretation of the Constitution. He set precedents that his successors in the White House invoked to create an American empire and expand presidential power.,Crapol also highlights Tyler's enduring faith in America's national destiny and his belief that boundless territorial expansion would preserve the Union as a slaveholding republic. When Tyler, a Virginian, opted for secession and the Confederacy in 1861, he was stigmatized as America's traitor president for having betrayed the republic he once led. As Crapol demonstrates, Tyler's story anticipates the modern imperial presidency in all its power and grandeur, as well as its darker side.. Genre: Politics,Presidents,Biography,History,Nonfiction,North American Hi...,American History,Presidents,Us Presidents,Politics,Biography Memoir,Literature,American,War.
Title: The Accidental Republic: Crippled Workingmen, Destitute Widows, and the Remaking of American Law. Author: John Fabian Witt, Description: In the five decades after the Civil War, the United States witnessed a profusion of legal institutions designed to cope with the nation's exceptionally acute industrial accident crisis. Jurists elaborated the common law of torts. Workingmen's organizations founded a widespread system of cooperative insurance. Leading employers instituted welfare-capitalist accident relief funds. And social reformers advocated compulsory insurance such as workmen's compensation.,John Fabian Witt argues that experiments in accident law at the turn of the twentieth century arose out of competing views of the loose network of ideas and institutions that historians call the ideology of free labor. These experiments a century ago shaped twentieth- and twenty-first-century American accident law; they laid the foundations of the American administrative state; and they occasioned a still hotly contested legal transformation from the principles of free labor to the categories of insurance and risk. In this eclectic moment at the beginnings of the modern state, Witt describes American accident law as a contingent set of institutions that might plausibly have developed along a number of historical paths. In turn, he suggests, the making of American accident law is the story of the equally contingent remaking of our accidental republic.. Genre: Law,North American Hi...,American History.
Title: Diana, Her Life In Fashion. Author: Georgina Howell, Description: With the exclusive support of many who knew and loved Diana, Princess of Wales, this book celebrates and examines the way she presented herself to the world-in her look, her smile, her choice of dress, even her hairstyle.,From the moment the innocent young nanny stepped into the very public role of Princess, her innermost thoughts and emotions had to remain concealed. Yet her sense of herself was inexorably conveyed through her manner of dress and her public demeanor as she passed through the many phases of her public life. ,Through her insight as an insider and internationally admired fashion editor, Georgina Howell tells of the fairy-tale transformation of Diana. Photo- reportage and lavish official portraits by royal photographer Anwar Hussein and the world's greatest fashion photographers explore every carefully planned public face and mood of the Princess-ingenue, bride, Madonna, supermodel, nemesis, icon.. Genre: Couture,Fashion,Biography.
Title: Rp2 Juta Keliling Thailand, Malaysia, & Singapura. Author: Claudia Kaunang, Description: Keliling tiga negara hanya dengan dua juta rupiah? Itu sudah termasuk biaya akomodasi, transportasi, dan konsumsi? Ya, hal itu tak mustahil. Claudia Kaunang telah membuktikannya. Backpacker sejati ini menuangkan pengalamannya keliling tiga negara dengan biaya super murah, namun tetap aman dan nyaman. ,Anda backpacker, calon backpacker, backpacker wannabe, atau penyuka jalan-jalan dan berharap bisa keliling dunia dengan anggaran kecil? Curi ilmu khusus buku ini. ,Selain memandu Anda pandai menyiasati anggaran, buku ini mengajak Anda menyusuri kota-kota di Thailand, Malaysia, dan Singapura yang indah. Dilengkapi dengan informasi-informasi penting yang harus Anda ketahui jika pergi ke luar negeri, perhitungan biaya setiap harinya, peta rute perjalanan keseluruhan, peta rute perjalanan di tiap kota, peta jalur monorail dan LRT di Kuala Lumpur, dan kamus backpack, membuat buku ini wajib dibaca siapapun yang ingin menjelajah dunia dengan murah, tapi aman dan nyaman.. Genre: Travel,Nonfiction,Asian Literature,Indonesian Literature,Travel,Travelogue.
Title: Three Times Three, Mystery omnibus. Author: Howard Haycraft,John Beecroft, Description: Three volumes in one! Collection of suspenseful short stories and novellas by Agatha Christie, Raymond Chandler, Rex Stout, Ellery Queen, Ngaio Marsh, Dorothy Sayers, William Irish, John Dickson Carr, Frances and Richard Lockridge, and more!. Genre: Mystery.
Title: It's All About the Bike: The Pursuit of Happiness on Two Wheels. Author: Robert Penn, Description: Robert Penn has saddled up nearly every day of his adult life. In his late twenties, he pedaled 25,000 miles around the world. Today he rides to get to work, sometimes for work, to bathe in air and sunshine, to travel, to go shopping, to stay sane, and to skip bath time with his kids. He's no Sunday pedal pusher. So when the time came for a new bike, he decided to pull out all the stops. He would build his dream bike, the bike he would ride for the rest of his life; a customized machine that reflects the joy of cycling.,It's All About the Bike ,follows Penn's journey, but this book is more than the story of his hunt for two-wheel perfection. En route, Penn brilliantly explores the culture, science, and history of the bicycle. From artisanal frame shops in the United Kingdom to California, where he finds the perfect wheels, via Portland, Milan, and points in between, his trek follows the serpentine path of our love affair with cycling. It explains why we ride.,It's All About the Bike, is, like Penn's dream bike, a tale greater than the sum of its parts. An enthusiastic and charming tour guide, Penn uses each component of the bike as a starting point for illuminating excursions into the rich history of cycling. Just like a long ride on a lovely day, ,It's All About the Bike, is pure joy- enriching, exhilarating, and unforgettable.. Genre: Sports,Cycling,Nonfiction,Sports,Sports,Transport,Bicycles,Autobiography,Memoir,Travel,History,Biography Memoir,Self Help,Personal Development,Design.
Title: I Kissed the Baby!. Author: Mary Murphy, Description: An animal cast so elated that they seem on the verge of jumping into readers' laps. . . . The high-contrast pictures and exclamatory text are guaranteed eye and ear magnets for the littlest ones. -- ,Publishers Weekly ,(starred review),I saw the baby! ,Did you see the baby?,Yes! I saw the baby, the teeny weeny thing.,It's so exciting! News of the baby is buzzing from animal to animal, with each one -- fish, bird, squirrel, insect, frog -- boasting of seeing, feeding, singing to, tickling, and kissing the tiny little thing. With bold, graphic black-and-white illustrations, Mary Murphy's simple, singsong story captures the giddy commotion that only a baby can bring.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Storytime,Childrens,Animals,Love,Fiction,Family,Animals,Birds,Childrens,Juvenile,Kids.
Title: A Guide to Physics Problems: Part 2: Thermodynamics, Statistical Physics, and Quantum Mechanics. Author: Sidney B. Cahn,Gerald D. Mahan,Boris E. Nadgorny, Description: An excellent study resource, this second of two volumes features 182 problems taken from Ph.D. exams at notable American universities and Moscow "Phys-Tech". Like its acclaimed companion, Part 2 presents detailed solutions with step-by-step calculations, textbook references for further study, clear illustrations, and an easy-to-use layout.. Genre: Science,Physics.
Title: The Net Delusion: The Dark Side of Internet Freedom. Author: Evgeny Morozov, Description: "The revolution will be Twittered!" declared journalist Andrew Sullivan after protests erupted in Iran in June 2009. Yet for all the talk about the democratizing power of the Internet, regimes in Iran and China are as stable and repressive as ever. In fact, authoritarian governments are effectively using the Internet to suppress free speech, hone their surveillance techniques, disseminate cutting-edge propaganda, and pacify their populations with digital entertainment. Could the recent Western obsession with promoting democracy by digital means backfire?,In this spirited book, journalist and social commentator Evgeny Morozov shows that by falling for the supposedly democratizing nature of the Internet, Western do-gooders may have missed how it also entrenches dictators, threatens dissidents, and makes it harder - not easier - to promote democracy. Buzzwords like "21st-century statecraft" sound good in PowerPoint presentations, but the reality is that "digital diplomacy" requires just as much oversight and consideration as any other kind of diplomacy.,Marshaling compelling evidence, Morozov shows why we must stop thinking of the Internet and social media as inherently liberating and why ambitious and seemingly noble initiatives like the promotion of "Internet freedom" might have disastrous implications for the future of democracy as a whole.. Genre: Nonfiction,Science,Technology,Computers,Internet,Politics,Science,Sociology,History,Business,Philosophy,Social Science,Social Media.
Title: Quantum: A Guide for the Perplexed. Author: Jim Al-Khalili, Description: In this lively look at quantum science, a physicist takes an entertaining and enlightening journey through the basics of subatomic physics, Along the way he examines the paradox of quantum mechanics—beautifully mathematical in theory but confoundingly unpredictable in the real world. Marvel at the Dual Slit experiment as a tiny atom passes through 2 separate openings at the same time. Ponder the peculiar communication of quantum particles, which can remain in touch no matter how far apart. Join the genius jewel thief as he carries out a quantum measurement on a diamond without ever touching the object in question. With its clean, colorful layout and conversational tone, this text will hook you into the conundrum that is quantum mechanics.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Physics,Quantum Mechanics,Science,Popular Science,Audiobook,Reference,Adult,Space,Science,Chemistry.
Title: Spud and Chloe at the Farm. Author: Susan B. Anderson, Description: A knit-and-read book: 13 farm-centric projects for the perfect homespun toys, with a bonus story. ,A mother hen and her chicks (and their adorable knitted eggshells), three little piglets, and a black lamb full of good intentions are just some of the appealing projects in ,Spud and Chloë at the Farm,, the latest innovative work from author and world-class knitter Susan B.Anderson. The projects in this book follow Spud, a feisty pet sheep, and Chloë, his perky owner, as they travel to a farm and meet the inhabitants of the barnyard, including a brown cow, some mice, a dog, and a barn cat. To continue the theme, and set the stage for loads of interactive play, the book also offers instructions for making an assortment of farm props, such as a picket fence, bales of hay, dainty baskets, and even a three-sided foldable barn.,Meanwhile, witty full-color cartoons (presented one per spread throughout the text of the book) tell the story of Spud and Chloë’s visit to the farm, which starts with an invitation from Spud’s cousin Little Lamb. Featuring charming full-color photographs of the knitted toys, this book is a must-have for knitters and their loved ones.. Genre: Crafts,Knitting,Art,Crafts,Reference.
Title: Green Babies, Sage Moms: The Ultimate Guide to Raising Your Organic Baby. Author: Lynda Fassa,Harvey Karp, Description: From the trailblazing founder of Green Babies organic clothing comes the very first guide for new mothers in raising a green family-and doing it simply and inexpensively. Filled with necessary and convenient advice that takes the reader from the first months of pregnancy and beyond, this indispensable book explains:,- The safest ways to get the house ready for the baby, - The best baby gear-from clothes to crib mattresses, - Organic recipes for health-conscious breastfeeding moms, - How to throw a green baby shower, - The best solutions for storing breast milk safely, - How to keep play areas safe from chemicals, - How to handle the diaper dilemma: wash vs. toss, - And much more!. Genre: Nonfiction,Parenting,Environment,Green.
Title: Girls in Their Married Bliss. Author: Edna O'Brien, Description: The third book of Edna O'Brien's acclaimed Country Girls trilogy Girls in Their Married Bliss continues the tale of Kate and Baba, two ambitious Irish country girls in search of life. Romantic Kate seeks love, while pragmatic Baba will take whatever she can get. Together they set out to conquer Dublin and the world. Under the big city's bright lights, they spin their lives into a whirl of comic and touching misadventures, wild flirtations, and reckless passions. But love changes everything. And as their lives take unexpected and separate turns, Baba and Kate must ultimately learn to go it alone.. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,Ireland,European Literature,Irish Literature,Womens,Classics,Novels,Literature,20th Century,European Literature,British Literature,Literature,Literary Fiction.
Title: A Guide to Experiments in Quantum Optics. Author: Hans-A. Bachor,Timothy C. Ralph, Description: This revised and broadened second edition provides readers with an insight into this fascinating world and future technology in quantum optics. Alongside classical and quantum-mechanical models, the authors focus on important and current experimental techniques in quantum optics to provide an understanding of light, photons and laserbeams. In a comprehensible and lucid style, the book conveys the theoretical background indispensable for an understanding of actual experiments using photons. It covers basic modern optical components and procedures in detail, leading to experiments such as the generation of squeezed and entangled laserbeams, the test and applications of the quantum properties of single photons, and the use of light for quantum information experiments.. Genre: Science,Physics.
Title: Sams Teach Yourself HTML5 in 10 Minutes. Author: Steven Holzner, Description: Straightforward, practical answers for fast results are offered in this book. The 10-minute lessons provide everything needed to quickly and easily create Web pages with HTML.. Genre: Design,Website Design.
Title: Unsettling Gaza: Secular Liberalism, Radical Religion, and the Israeli Settlement Project. Author: Joyce Dalsheim, Description: Joyce Dalsheim's ethnographic study takes a ground-breaking approach to one of the most contentious issues in the Middle East: the Israeli settlement project. Based on fieldwork in the settlements of the Gaza Strip and surrounding communities during the year prior to the Israeli withdrawal, ,Unsettling Gaza, poses controversial questions about the settlement of Israeli occupied territories in ways that move beyond the usual categories of politics, religion, and culture. The book critically examines how religiously-motivated settlers think about living with Palestinians, how they express theological uncertainty, and how they imagine the future beyond the confines of territorial nationalism.,This is the first study to place radical, right-wing settlers and their left-wing and secular opposition in the same analytic frame. Dalsheim shows that the intense antagonism between these groups disguises fundamental similarities. Her analysis reveals the social and cultural work achieved through a politics of mutual denunciation. With theoretical implications stretching far beyond the boundaries of Israel/Palestine, ,Unsettling Gaza,'s counter-intuitive findings shed fresh light on politics and identity among Israelis and the troubling conflicts in Israel/Palestine, as well as providing challenges and insight into the broader questions that exist at the interface between religiosity and formations of the secular.. Genre: Anthropology,Ethnography.
Title: Digest of Social Experiments. Author: David Greenberg,Mark Shroder, Description: This volume contains interpretive summaries of 144 demonstrations in which individuals, families, or organizations were randomly assigned to alternative policy regimes, to see what difference a policy change would make in their everyday behavior. Information on experimental designs, locations, generalizability, references, and the existence of public-use access to the underlying data are included in the summaries.. Genre: nan.
Title: Naruto, Vol. 16: Eulogy. Author: Masashi Kishimoto, Description: Death in the village! When the dust settles from Orochimaru's attack, the shinobi find that not everyone has survived. While the ninja mourn, an unlikely candidate is chosen for greatness, a long-lost ninja returns with a dangerous entourage, and Naruto finds his life in more turmoil than ever before.. Genre: Sequential Art,Manga,Fantasy,Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Comics Manga,Fiction,Young Adult,Manga,Shonen,Adventure,Action.
Title: The Visionary Window: A Quantum Physicist's Guide to Enlightenment. Author: Amit Goswami,Deepak Chopra, Description: Does God exist? Can spirituality be integrated with science? Is happiness possible? Do miracles really happen? Not only does ,The Visionary Window, answer "yes" to all of these questions, but it skillfully combines the fields of philosophy, cosmology, religion, and psychology to form a new way of thinking about science and spirituality. Stepping beyond the classic work of prominent seventies physicist Fritjof Capra, Goswami details his own pioneering exploration of science and spirit, revealing the complete integration between modern science and spiritual traditions. Using stories and colorful examples from pop culture, Goswami addresses complex issues in language and terminology easily accessible to the lay reader. He provides quantum physics-based theory and new experimental data verifying the metaphysical truth that exists when employed in the context of a new science, science within the primacy of consciousness. With a new holistic worldview, Goswami also discusses the creativity of the body to self heal; the power of spiritual practice and how to choose a meditative path; and the five stages of spiritual growth, culminating in the ability to transcend the physical laws of nature. Readers, scientists and spiritual leaders alike will find answers to many of life's deepest mysteries.. Genre: Science,Spirituality,Nonfiction,Philosophy.
Title: Bushmanders and Bullwinkles: How Politicians Manipulate Electronic Maps and Census Data to Win Elections. Author: Mark Monmonier, Description: For years Mark Monmonier, "a prose stylist of no mean ability or charm" according to the ,Washington Post,, has delighted readers with his insightful understanding of cartography as an art and technology that is both deceptive and revealing. Now he turns his focus to the story of political cartography and the redrawing of congressional districts. His title ,Bushmanders and Bullwinkles, combines ,gerrymander, with the surname of the president who actively tolerated racial gerrymandering and draws attention to the ridiculously shaped congressional districts that evoke the antlers of the moose who shared the cartoon spotlight with Rocky the Flying Squirrel.,Written from the perspective of a cartographer rather than a political scientist, ,Bushmanders and Bullwinkles, examines the political tales maps tell when votes and power are at stake. Monmonier shows how redistricting committees carve out favorable election districts for themselves and their allies; how disgruntled politicians use shape to challenge alleged racial gerrymanders; and how geographic information systems can make reapportionment a controversial process with outrageous products. He also explores controversies over the proper roles of natural boundaries, media maps, census enumeration, and ethnic identity. Raising important questions about Supreme Court decisions in regulating redistricting, Monmonier asks if the focus on form rather than function may be little more than a distraction from larger issues like election reform. ,Characterized by the same wit and clarity as Monmonier's previous books, ,Bushmanders and Bullwinkles, is essential background for understanding what might prove the most contentious political debate of the new decade.. Genre: Science,Geography,Geography,Cartography,Nonfiction.
Title: Tides of Consent: How Public Opinion Shapes American Politics. Author: James A. Stimson, Description: Tracking trends in American public opinion, this study examines moods of public policy over time. James Stimson looks at shorter term movements as the public approves or disapproves politicians, trusts or distrusts government. His book is distinctive in that it focuses on determining the unobserved true opinion that lies beneath superficial polls. It argues that public opinion is decisive in American politics and identifies the citizens who produce influential change as a relatively small subset of the American electorate.. Genre: Writing,Journalism,Politics,Politics,Political Science,Nonfiction.
Title: Offerings to the Discerning Eye: An Egyptological Medley in Honor of Jack A. Josephson. Author: Sue D'Auria, Description: This volume of collected essays is dedicated to Jack A. Josephson by distinguished friends and colleagues, a select roster including eminent, established scholars in the field of Egyptology and rising stars of the younger generation.. Genre: Archaeology,Egyptology.
Title: Schaum's Outline of Quantum Mechanics. Author: Yoav Peleg,Reuven Pnini,Elyahu Zaruur, Description: Confusing Textbooks? Missed Lectures? Not Enough Time?,Fortunately for you, there's Schaum's Outlines. More than 40 million students have trusted Schaum's to help them succeed in the classroom and on exams. Schaum's is the key to faster learning and higher grades in every subject. Each Outline presents all the essential course information in an easy-to-follow, topic-by-topic format. You also get hundreds of examples, solved problems, and practice exercises to test your skills.,This Schaum's Outline gives you Practice problems with full explanations that reinforce knowledge Coverage of the most up-to-date developments in your course field In-depth review of practices and applications,Fully compatible with your classroom text, Schaum's highlights all the important facts you need to know. Use Schaum's to shorten your study time-and get your best test scores,Schaum's Outlines-Problem Solved.. Genre: Science,Physics,Science,Textbooks.
Title: The Tax Inspector. Author: Peter Carey, Description: Granny Catchprice runs her family business (and her family) with senility, cunning, and a handbag full of explosives. Her daughter Cathy would rather be singing Country & Western than selling cars, while Benny Catchprice, sixteen and seriously psychopathic, wants to transform a failing auto franchise into an empire—and himself into an angel. Out of the confrontation between the Catchprices and their unwitting nemesis, a beautiful and very pregnant agent of the Australian Taxation Office, Peter Carey, author of ,Oscar and Lucinda,, creates an endlessly surprising and fearfully convincing novel.. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,Australia,Novels,Literature,Contemporary,Literary Fiction,Literature,20th Century,Mystery,Crime,Modern.
Title: Gristle: from Factory Farms to Food Safety (Thinking Twice About the Meat We Eat). Author: Moby,Miyun Park, Description: GRISTLE FROM FACTORY FARMS TO FOOD SAFETY (Thinking Twice About The Meat We Eat) THINK TWICE! An information-packed, lively, and informative little guide, Gristle is for the growing number of people - from meat-eaters to vegetarians - who are thinking twice about the perils of our system of animal processing and factory farms. Multiplatinum musician Moby and leading food policy activist and expert Miyun Park have brought together ten of the country's leading voices on this issue - including foodies, policy makers, food business leaders, and food activists - who together eloquently lay out how and why the overconsumption of industrially produced meat unnecessarily harms agricultural workers, communities, the environment, and human health, as well as animals. Combining hard-hitting facts with a light touch - and with fascinating charts and illustrations depicting the stark realities of America's industrial food system - Gristle is the first stop for everyone who wants to make informed choices about the food they consume.. Genre: Nonfiction,Food and Drink,Food,Food and Drink,Vegan,Animals,Social Issues,Activism,Health,Writing,Essays,Food and Drink,Diets,Politics,Food and Drink,Vegetarian.
Title: Schaum's Outline of Modern Physics. Author: Ronald Gautreau,Schaums,William Savin, Description: Tough Test Questions? Missed Lectures? Not Enough Time?,Fortunately for you, there's Schaum's Outlines. More than 40 million students have trusted Schaum's to help them succeed in the classroom and on exams. Schaum's is the key to faster learning and higher grades in every subject. Each Outline presents all the essential course information in an easy-to-follow, topic-by-topic format. You also get hundreds of examples, solved problems, and practice exercises to test your skills.,This Schaum's Outline gives you,Practice problems with full explanations that reinforce knowledge,Coverage of the most up-to-date developments in your course field,In-depth review of practices and applications,Fully compatible with your classroom text, Schaum's highlights all the important facts you need to know. Use Schaum's to shorten your study time-and get your best test scores!,Schaum's Outlines-Problem Solved.. Genre: Science,Physics,Science.
Title: The Quantum Zoo: A Tourist's Guide to the Neverending Universe. Author: Marcus Chown, Description: The two towering achievements of modern physics are quantum theory and Einstein's general theory of relativity. Together, they explain virtually everything about the world we live in. But, almost a century after their advent, most people haven't the slightest clue what either is about. Did you know that there's so much empty space inside matter that the entire human race could be squeezed into the volume of a sugar cube? Or that you grow old more quickly on the top floor of a building than on the ground floor? And did you realize that 1 per cent of the static on a TV tuned between stations is the relic of the Big Bang? These and many other remarkable facts about the world are direct consequences of quantum physics and relativity. Quantum theory has literally made the modern world possible. Not only has it given us lasers, computers, and nuclear reactors, but it has provided an explanation of why the sun shines and why the ground beneath our feet is solid. Despite this, however, quantum theory and relativity remain a patchwork of fragmented ideas, vaguely understood at best and often utterly mysterious. average person. Author Marcus Chown emphatically disagrees. As Einstein himself said, Most of the fundamental ideas of science are essentially simple and may, as a rule, be expressed in a language comprehensible to everyone. If you think that the marvels of modern physics have passed you by, it is not too late. In Chown's capable hands, quantum physics and relativity are not only painless but downright fun. So sit back, relax, and get comfortable as an adept and experienced science communicator brings you quickly up to speed on some of the greatest ideas in the history of human thought.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Science,Popular Science,Reference.
Title: A History of the Canadian Economy. Author: Kenneth Norrie,Douglas Owram, Description: A History of the Canadian Economy, provides a chronological account of Canada's economic and social development from the time of pre-European settlement to the present. Written by an economist and a historian, it provides an interdisciplinary treatment of nearly five centuries of Canada's past.. Genre: nan.
Title: Queer Dharma: Voices of Gay Buddhists. Author: Winston Leyland, Description: nan. Genre: Religion,Buddhism,LGBT,Gay,GLBT,Queer Studies,GLBT,Queer.
Title: Quantum Theory: A Very Short Introduction. Author: John C. Polkinghorne, Description: Quantum Theory is the most revolutionary discovery in physics since Newton. This book gives a lucid, exciting, and accessible account of the surprising and counterintuitive ideas that shape our understanding of the sub-atomic world. It does not disguise the problems of interpretation that still remain unsettled 75 years after the initial discoveries. The main text makes no use of equations, but there is a Mathematical Appendix for those desiring stronger fare. Uncertainty, probabilistic physics, complementarity, the problematic character of measurement, and decoherence are among the many topics discussed. This volume offers the reader access to one of the greatest discoveries in the history of physics and one of the outstanding intellectual achievements of the twentieth century.,About the Series: ,Combining authority with wit, accessibility, and style, , Very Short Introductions ,offer an introduction to some of life's most interesting topics. Written by experts for the newcomer, they demonstrate the finest contemporary thinking about the central problems and issues in hundreds of key topics, from philosophy to Freud, quantum theory to Islam.. Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Science,Popular Science,History,Physics,Quantum Mechanics,Science,Chemistry,Reference,Audiobook.
Title: Secret Rendezvous. Author: Kōbō Abe,Juliet Winters Carpenter, Description: From the acclaimed author of ,Woman in the Dunes, comes ,Secret Rendezvous,, the bizarrely erotic and comic adventures of a man searching for his missing wife in a mysteriously vast underground hospital.,From the moment that an ambulance appears in the middle of the night to take his wife, who protests that she is perfectly healthy, her bewildered husband realizes that things are not as they should be. His covert explorations reveal that the enormous hospital she was taken to is home to a network of constant surveillance, outlandish sex experiments, and an array of very odd and even violent characters. Within a few days, though no closer to finding his wife, the unnamed narrator finds himself appointed the hospital’s chief of security, reporting to a man who thinks he’s a horse. With its nightmarish vision of modern medicine and modern life, ,Secret Rendezvous, is another masterpiece from Japan’s most gifted and original writer of serious fiction.. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,Japan,Asian Literature,Japanese Literature,Literature,Horror,Literary Fiction,Classics,Literature,Asian Literature,Cultural,Asia,Science Fiction.
Title: Come, Thief. Author: Jane Hirshfield, Description: A revelatory, indispensable collection of poems from Jane Hirshfield that centers on beauty, time, and the full embrace of an existence that time cannot help but steal from our arms. ,Hirshfield is unsurpassed in her ability to sink into a moment’s essence and exchange something of herself with its finite music—and then, in seemingly simple, inevitable words, to deliver that exchange to us in poems that vibrate with form and expression perfectly united. Hirshfield’s poems of discovery, acknowledgment of the difficult, and praise turn always toward deepening comprehension. Here we encounter the stealth of feeling’s arrival (“as some strings, untouched, / sound when a near one is speaking. / So it was when love slipped inside us”), an anatomy of solitude (“wrong solitude vinegars the soul, / right solitude oils it”), a reflection on perishability and the sweetness its acceptance invites into our midst (“How suddenly then / the strange happiness took me, / like a man with strong hands and strong mouth”), and a muscular, unblindfolded awareness of our shared political and planetary fate. ,To read these startlingly true poems is to find our own feelings eloquently ensnared. Whether delving into intimately familiar moments or bringing forward some experience until now outside words, Hirshfield finds for each face of our lives its metamorphosing portrait, its particular, memorable, singing and singular name. ,Love in August,White moths,against the screen,in August darkness.,Some clamor ,in envy.,Some spread large,as two hands,of a thief,who wants to put ,back in your cupboard,the long-taken silver.. Genre: Poetry,Literature,Nonfiction,Contemporary.
Title: Buli-buli Lima Kaki. Author: Nirwan Dewanto, Description: Melantun tentang binatang sampai nabi, tentang cinta segitiga sampai maut, tentang lanskap sampai gairah revolusi, dan seterusnya --55 puisi dalam buku ini tampil dengan aneka suara dan mata yang tak tersangka.,* * *,Tokomu menjual aneka taring yang tampaknya lebih manjur daripada taringku, namun kau tak mampu menjawab ketika seorang pelangganmu bertanya, "Mana yang paling baik untuk mematikan seekor kuda hitam?",(Kobra, h. 16),dan lihatlah, di jantung khazanah ini tegak menjulang sebentuk museum, tempat kita leluasa mengimpikan revolusi, ketika kita mulai hamil oleh para panglima yang ternyata telah membelenggu sang penggali teluk sejak kemarin atau bertahun-tahun lalu.,(Jangkar Perunggu, h. 44),Mereka bertepuk tangan ketika terhunus pisau tiba-tiba Dari balik lambungku, siap menyadap madu di lehermu. Ternyata namaku kontrabas, dan aku jirih pada pujian.,(Kuintet, h. 137). Genre: Poetry,Asian Literature,Indonesian Literature.
Title: Conan of Aquilonia. Author: L. Sprague de Camp,Lin Carter, Description: Mighty Conan in a fight to the death against the most dangerous fiends of the Hyborian age!,Hunting the swift stag and the tusked boar in the gloomy forests of the Gunderland Marches, Conan loses his son Conn to Thoth-Amon and the supremely evil wizards of the Black Ring--and is drawn into a deadly pursuit to the very ends of the death, and a battle to the deepest levels of his endurance.. Genre: Fantasy,Fiction,Heroic Fantasy,Sword and Sorcery,Adventure,Pulp,Short Stories,Science Fiction Fantasy,Fantasy,High Fantasy,Science Fiction,Novels.
Title: Research Methodology: A Step-By-Step Guide for Beginners. Author: Ranjit Kumar, Description: The Third Edition of Research Methodology: A Step-by-Step Guide for Beginners integrates various quantitative and qualitative methodologies into eight practice-based-steps, providing lots of examples throughout to link theory with practice. Written specifically for students with no previous experience of research and research methodology, the writing style is simple and clear and the author presents this complex subject in a straightforward way that empowers readers to tackle research with confidence. The book has been revised and updated to include extended coverage of qualitative research methods in addition to existing comprehensive coverage of quantitative methods. There are also brand new learning features such as reflective questions throughout the text to help students consolidate their knowledge.. Genre: Reference,Research,Reference,Academic,Nonfiction,Research,Research Methods,Textbooks,Language,Writing,Academic,School,Science.
Title: Kingship and the Gods: A Study of Ancient Near Eastern Religion as the Integration of Society and Nature. Author: Henri Frankfort,Samuel Noah Kramer, Description: This classic study clearly establishes a fundamental difference in viewpoint between the peoples of ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia. By examining the forms of kingship which evolved in the two countries, Frankfort discovered that beneath resemblances fostered by similar cultural growth and geographical location lay differences based partly upon the natural conditions under which each society developed. The river flood which annually renewed life in the Nile Valley gave Egyptians a cheerful confidence in the permanence of established things and faith in life after death. Their Mesopotamian contemporaries, however, viewed anxiously the harsh, hostile workings of nature. ,Frank's superb work, first published in 1948 and now supplemented with a preface by Samuel Noah Kramer, demonstrates how the Egyptian and Mesopotamian attitudes toward nature related to their concept of kingship. In both countries the people regarded the king as their mediator with the gods, but in Mesopotamia the king was only the foremost citizen, while in Egypt the ruler was a divine descendant of the gods and the earthly representative of the God Horus. . Genre: History,Religion,Fantasy,Mythology,Archaeology,Egyptology.
Title: The Elusive West and the Contest for Empire, 1713-1763. Author: Paul W. Mapp, Description: A truly continental history in both its geographic and political scope, ,The Elusive West and the Contest for Empire, 1713-1763, investigates eighteenth-century diplomacy involving North America and links geographic ignorance about the American West to Europeans' grand geopolitical designs. Breaking from scholars' traditional focus on the Atlantic world, Paul W. Mapp demonstrates the centrality of hitherto understudied western regions to early American history and shows that a Pacific focus is crucial to understanding the causes, course, and consequences of the Seven Years' War.. Genre: History,Nonfiction,Literature,18th Century.
Title: Special Relativity. Author: Anthony P. French, Description: The education Research Center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (formerly the Science Teaching Center) was established to study the process of instruction, aids thereto, and the learning process itself, with special reference to science teaching at the university level. Generous support from the National Science Foundation and from the Kettering, Shell, Victoria, W. T. Grant, and Bing Foundations provided the means for assembling and maintaining an experienced staff to cooperate with members of the Institute's Physics Department in the examination, improvement, and development of physics curriculum materials for students planning a career in the sciences.,After careful analysis of objectives and the problems involved, preliminary versions of textbooks were prepared, tested through classroom use at M.I.T. and other institutions, re-evaluated, rewritten, and tried again. Only then were the final manuscripts undertaken.,In general the books in the series will be brief. Most may be covered in a single term or less. Each will be available in either cloth or paper binding. Their brevity and structure (as well as their reasonable price) will make it possible for teachers to select topics and organize courses according to individual needs and preferences.. Genre: Science,Physics,Science,Textbooks,Reference,Nonfiction.
Title: Spacetime Physics. Author: Edwin F. Taylor,John Archibald Wheeler, Description: Written by two of the field's true pioneers, ,Spacetime Physics, can extend and enhance coverage of specialty relativity in the classroom. This thoroughly up-to-date, highly accessible overview covers microgravity, collider accelerators, satellite probes, neutron detectors, radioastronomy, and pulsars.  The chapter on general relativity with new material on gravity waves, black holes, and cosmology.. Genre: Science,Physics,Science,Nonfiction,Textbooks,Science,Mathematics,Computer Science,Technical,Academic,School.
Title: Bodies in Commotion: Disability and Performance. Author: Carrie Sandahl,Philip Auslander, Description: "A testament to the synergy of two evolving fields. From the study of staged performances to examinations of the performing body in everyday life, this book demonstrates the enormous profitability of moving beyond disability as metaphor. . . . It's a lesson that many of our cultural institutions desperately need to learn.",-Martin F. Norden, University of Massachusetts-Amherst,This groundbreaking collection imagines disabled bodies as "bodies in commotion"-bodies that dance across artistic and discursive boundaries, challenging our understanding of both disability and performance. In the book's essays, leading critics and artists explore topics that range from theater and dance to multi-media performance art, agit-prop, American Sign Language theater, and wheelchair sports. ,Bodies in Commotion, is the first collection to consider the mutually interpretive qualities of these two emerging fields, producing a dynamic new resource for artists, activists, and scholars.. Genre: Disability,Disability Studies,Disability.
Title: Sidelights on Relativity. Author: Albert Einstein, Description: In 1905, a German technical journal, ,Annalen der Physik, ,published a remarkable paper by a young clerk in the patent office at Berne, Switzerland. The clerk was Albert Einstein. The paper outlined his Special Theory of Relativity, a revolutionary physical theory which discarded the concept of absolute motion in favor of relative motion in the context of a four-dimensional continuum of space-time. It proved to be the most profound revolution in physics since Newton.,About ten years later, building on his earlier work, Einstein formulated the General Theory of Relativity in which he offered a new solution to the great problem of gravitation, postulating the non-Euclidean character of the space-time continuum. Together, the two theories constituted a radically reoriented way of looking at the physical universe, an approach that solved many of the unresolved difficulties of classical mechanics and paved the way for great advances in 20th-century physics. ,This concise volume contains two addresses by Dr. Einstein outlining aspects of the theories. ,Ether and Relativity, (1920), delivered at the University of Leyden, discusses the properties demanded of the ether of space by the theory of relativity. ,Geometry and Experience ,(1921), given at the Prussian Academy of Sciences, describes the limits within which the Euclidean or any other practical geometric system can be held to be approximately true in connection with the concept of a finite universe.,Both lectures are reprinted here complete and unabridged; both express elegant ideas in simple prose devoid of complicated equations or abstruse terminology; both offer scientists and laypeople unparalleled insight into the seminal thinking of the 20th century's greatest physicist. ,   , . Genre: Science,Science,Physics,Nonfiction,Philosophy,Reference,Writing,Essays,Science,Mathematics,Business,Amazon,Classics.
Title: Dykes to Watch Out For: The Sequel. Author: Alison Bechdel, Description: Grin, giggle, and guffaw your way through this celebrated cartoonist's graphic commentary of contemporary lesbian life.. Genre: GLBT,Queer,Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Humor,LGBT,Fiction,LGBT,Lesbian,Graphic Novels Comics,Feminism,Sequential Art,Comix.
Title: Einstein for Beginners. Author: Joseph Schwartz,Michael McGuinness, Description: Amusing, irreverent, sophisticated and highly accessible, Einstein for Beginners is the perfect introduction to Einstein's life and thought.,Reaching back as far as Babylon (for the origins of mathematics) and the Etruscans (who thought they could handle lightning), this book takes us through the revolutions in electrical communications and technology that made the theory of relativity possible. In the process, we meet scientific luminaries and personalities of imperial Germany, as well as Galileo, Faraday, and Newton; learn why moving clocks run slower than stationary ones, why nothing can go faster than the speed of light; and follow Albert's thought as he works his way toward E = mc2, the most famous equation of the twentieth century.. Genre: Science,Nonfiction,Biography,Science,Physics,History,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Reference,Science,Popular Science,Science,Mathematics,Biography,Autobiography.
Title: Ancient Greek Women Philosophers: Hypatia, Aspasia, Hipparchia of Maroneia, Aesara, Diotima of Mantinea, Theano, Leontion, Phintys, Sosipatra. Author: Books LLC, Description: Chapters: Hypatia, Aspasia, Hipparchia of Maroneia, Aesara, Diotima of Mantinea, Theano, Leontion, Phintys, Sosipatra, Arete of Cyrene, Myia, Perictione, Aedesia, Arignote, Batis of Lampsacus, Asclepigenia, Aristoclea, Timycha, Axiothea of Phlius, Damo, Lastheneia of Mantinea, Themista of Lampsacus, Nicarete of Megara. Source: Wikipedia. Pages: 85. Not illustrated. Free updates online. Purchase includes a free trial membership in the publisher's book club where you can select from more than a million books without charge. Excerpt: Aspasia (ca. 470 BC ca. 400 BC, Greek: ) was a Milesian woman who was famous for her involvement with the Athenian statesman Pericles. Very little is known about the details of her life. She spent most of her adult life in Athens, and she may have influenced Pericles and Athenian politics. She is mentioned in the writings of Plato, Aristophanes, Xenophon, and other authors of the day. Ancient writers also reported that Aspasia was a brothel keeper and a harlot, although these accounts are disputed by modern scholars, on the grounds that many of the writers were comic poets concerned with defaming Pericles. Some researchers question even the historical tradition that she was a hetaera, or courtesan, and have suggested that she may actually have been married to Pericles. Aspasia had a son by Pericles, Pericles the Younger, who later became a general in the Athenian military and was executed after the Battle of Arginusae. She is believed to have become the courtesan of Lysicles, another Athenian statesman and general, following the death of Pericles the Elder. Aspasia was born in the Ionian Greek city of Miletus (in the modern province of Aydn, Turkey). Little is known about her family except that her father's name was Axiochus, although it is evident that she must have belonged to a wealthy family, for only the well-to-do could have afforded the excellent education that she received. Some ancient sou...More: http: //,booksllc.net/?id=23144. Genre: nan.
Title: Picture Book of Saints: Illustrated Lives of the Saints for Young and Old. Author: Lawrence G. Lovasik, Description: Picture Book of Saints, by popular Catholic Book Publishing author Rev. Lawrence G. Lovasik, S.V.D., recounts the lives of over 100 popular saints, including 16 new Saints. Written in a simple, informal style that will delight parents, teachers, and children, the life of each saint is beautifully illustrated in full color. This book comes in a colorfully illustrated padded hardcover binding. . Genre: Christianity,Catholic,Religion,Childrens,Biography,Childrens,Picture Books,Nonfiction,Religion,Theology,Inspirational,Christian,Spirituality.
Title: New, Improved! Dykes to Watch Out For. Author: Alison Bechdel, Description: Another installment in the ever-popular cartoonist's foray into the soap opera of lesbian life.. Genre: Sequential Art,Comics,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,GLBT,Queer,Humor,LGBT,Feminism,LGBT,Lesbian,Graphic Novels Comics,Fiction,Sequential Art,Comix.
Title: Oxford. Author: Jan Morris, Description: An account of the character, history, mores, buildings, climate, and people of one of Britain's most fascinating cities. This book is intended for all those interested in the local history, culture, and architecture of Oxford, especially visitors to Oxford.. Genre: Travel,Nonfiction,History,European Literature,British Literature,Geography,Cities,Writing,Essays.
Title: Urban Wilds: Gardener's Stories Of The Struggle For Land And Justice. Author: Cleo Woelfle-Erskine, Description: Book by. Genre: Gardening,Food and Drink,Food,Environment,Sustainability,Nonfiction,Biology,Ecology,Urban.
Title: The Midnight Fox. Author: Betsy Byars, Description: Tom dislikes spending the summer on his aunt's farm until he discovers a black fox in the forest and tracks her to her den.. Genre: Fiction,Childrens,Animals,Young Adult,Childrens,Middle Grade,Realistic Fiction,Classics,Animals,Animal Fiction,Novels,Academic,School.
Title: Gestaltung Von Anreizsystemen Und Unternehmensethik: Eine Norm- Und Wertbezogene Analyse Der Normativen Principal-Agent-Theorie. Author: Manuela Barbara Roiger, Description: Manuela B. Roiger setzt sich kritisch mit der normativen Principal-Agent-Theorie als Instrument zur Begrundung und Analyse von Normen bzw. Prinzipien zur Ausgestaltung von Anreizsystemen im Unternehmenskontext auseinander und analysiert die ethischen Dimensionen in der Problemdeutung, in der Modellbildung sowie in den Ergebnissen agencytheoretischer Forschung. Damit tragt sie zur Starkung der Rolle der Unternehmensethik innerhalb der Betriebswirtschaftslehre bei. ,". Genre: nan.
Title: Heinz Strunk in Afrika. Author: Heinz Strunk, Description: Sonne, Palmen, Black Jack, Burgerkrieg Seit Jahren reist Heinz Strunk zu Weihnachten mit einem Freund in die Fremde. Wohin, ist eigentlich egal, Hauptsache Meerblick, gepflegte Anlage und in der Nähe ein Spielcasino. Die beiden bevorzugen nämlich Reisen, bei denen die Erho-lung nicht durch tolle Erlebnisse, neue Anregungen oder interessante Urlaubsbekanntschaften erfolgt, sondern durch Nicht-Erkrankung, körperliche Ruhe und keine Gewichtszunahme. Anders gesagt: Den größten Erholungswert haben Reisen,  auf denen nichts passiert. Diesmal soll es nach Mombasa  gehen. Die erste Woche verläuft wie geplant. Doch am zweiten Weihnachtsfeiertag sind in Kenia Wahlen angesetzt, und plötzlich hallen Gewehrschüsse durch die Nacht. Allen Warnungen zum Trotz sind die beiden nicht davon abzuhalten, das nächste Taxi nach Mombasa City zu nehmen .... Genre: European Literature,German Literature,Travel,Humor,Nonfiction,Audiobook.
Title: No Child's Game: Reality TV 2083. Author: Andrea White, Description: nan. Genre: Science Fiction,Young Adult,Science Fiction,Dystopia,Childrens,Adventure,Fiction.
Title: The Cnt and the Russian Revolution. Author: Ignacio De Llorens, Description: What were the relations between the anarcho-syndicalist CNT and the Russian Bolshevik regime? An account of their entry and exit from the Red International of Labor Unions.. Genre: nan.
Title: Art: The Whole Story. Author: Stephen Farthing,Richard Cork, Description: ‘… perfectly designed as a one-stop reference guide: one to dip in and out of, rather than read from cover to cover … indispensable’ – Artists & Illustrators,‘Stephen Farthing has done an amazing job of packing a comprehensive, if concise, history of world art into a hefty but manageable tome’ – RA Magazine,'… this would make the perfect present for someone preparing for an art-history course at university. It’s a bargain, too – Sunday Times,This comprehensive, vibrant book leads you through the world’s iconic images – those that we encounter every time we open a newspaper, visit a gallery, or look at the front cover of a novel.,Art: The Whole Story traces the development of art period by period, with the illustrated text covering every genre, from painting and sculpture to conceptual art and performance art. Cultural timelines are there too, to help to the reader with historical context.,• The most accessible history of world art ever assembled,• More than 1,100 colour illustrations of iconic pieces,• Covers every genre of art, from painting and sculpture to conceptual art,• Designed in an easily navigable and user-friendly fashion,Written by an international team of artists, art historians and curators, this absorbing and beautiful book will give you insight into the world’s most iconic images.,Masterpieces that epitomize each period or movement are highlighted and analysed in detail. Everything from use of colour and visual metaphors to technical innovations is explained, enabling you to interpret the meanings of world-famous masterpieces – Mughal miniatures; Japanese prints in the nineteenth century; the colour theories behind Seurat’s remarkable La Grande Jatte; and why Picasso’s Les Demoiselles D’Avignon was so shocking in its day.. Genre: Art,Nonfiction,History,Art,Art History,Reference,Cultural.
Title: Crafty TV Writing: Thinking Inside the Box. Author: Alex Epstein, Description: A professional TV writer's real-world guide to getting paid to write great television,Everyone watches television, and everyone has an opinion on what makes good TV. But, as Alex Epstein shows in this invaluable guide, writing for television is a highly specific craft that requires knowledge, skill, and more than a few insider's tricks.,Epstein, a veteran TV writer and show creator himself, provides essential knowledge about the entire process of television writing, both for beginners and for professionals who want to go to the next level. ,Crafty TV Writing, explains how to decode the hidden structure of a TV series. It describes the best ways to generate a hook, write an episode, create characters the audience will never tire of, construct entertaining dialogue, and use humor. It shows how to navigate the tough but rewarding television industry, from writing your first "spec" script, to getting hired to work on a show, to surviving—even thriving—if you get fired. And it illuminates how television writers think about the shows they're writing, whether they're working in comedy, drama, or "reality.",Fresh, funny, and informed, ,Crafty TV Writing, is the essential guide to writing for and flourishing in the world of television.. Genre: Language,Writing,Nonfiction,Culture,Film,Media Tie In,Tv.
Title: Lesser Hippias. Author: Plato, Description: This edition is written in English. However, there is a running Chinese Traditional thesaurus at the bottom of each page for the more difficult English words highlighted in the text. There are many editions of Lesser Hippias. This edition would be useful if you would like to enrich your Chinese Traditional-English vocabulary, whether for self-improvement or for preparation in advanced of college examinations. Websters edition of this classic is organized to expose the reader to a maximum number of difficult and potentially ambiguous English words. Rare or idiosyncratic words and expressions are given lower priority compared to difficult, yet commonly used English words. Rather than supply a single translation, many words are translated for a variety of meanings in Chinese Traditional, allowing readers to better grasp the ambiguity of English without using the notes as a pure translation crutch. Having the reader decipher a words meaning within context serves to improve vocabulary retention and understanding. Each page covers words not already highlighted on previous pages. This edition is helpful to Chinese Traditional-speaking students enrolled in an English Language Program (ELP), an English as a Foreign Language (EFL) program, an English as a Second Language Program (ESL), or in a TOEFL or TOEIC preparation program. Students who are actively building their vocabularies in Chinese Traditional or English may also find this useful for Advanced Placement (AP) tests. TOEFL, TOEIC, AP and Advanced Placement are trademarks of the Educational Testing Service which has neither reviewed nor endorsed this book. This book is one of a series of Websters paperbacks that allows the reader to obtainmore value from the experience of reading. Translations are from Websters Online Dictionary, derived from a meta-analysis of public sources, cited on the site.. Genre: Philosophy,Nonfiction,Classics,Literature,Ancient,History,History,Ancient History.
Title: Nobilis. Author: R. Sean Borgstrom,Bruce Baugh, Description: In Nobilis, players take on the roles of the Sovereign Powers, each the personification of one single aspect of reality: night, roads, ecstasy, chains, time, water - whatever the players can conceive of. Once human, each character has been forever changed, imbued with awesome power and terrible responsibility. Heaven and Hell, angels and devils, the Giants and the Old Gods - in Nobilis, all are united in the Great War against the Excrucians, whose goal is to destroy all Creation - but all are divided by their own plots and ancient rivalries, as well.. Genre: Games,Role Playing Games,Fantasy,Games,Gaming,Sports and Games,Games.
Title: As a Driven Leaf. Author: Milton Steinberg,Chaim Potok, Description: The age of the Talmud is brought to life in a breathtaking saga. This masterpiece of modern fiction tells the gripping tale of renegade talmudic sage Elisha ben Abuyah's struggle to reconcile his faith with the allure of Hellenistic culture. ,Set in Roman Palestine, ,As a Driven Leaf, draws readers into the dramatic era of Rabbinic Judaism. Watch the great Talmudic sages at work in the Sanhedrin, eavesdrop on their arguments about theology and Torah, and agonize with them as they contemplate rebellion against an oppressive Roman rule. ,But Steinberg's classic novel also transcends its historical setting with its depiction of a timeless, perennial feature of the Jewish experience: the inevitable conflict between the call of tradition and the glamour of the surrounding culture. ,In his illuminating foreword, specially commissioned for this edition, Chaim Potok stresses the contemporary relevance of ,As a Driven Leaf,: This novel of ideas and passions... retains its ability to enter the heart of pious and seeking Jew alike. ,Synagogues everywhere are adopting ,As a Driven Leaf, for group study.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Fiction,Literature,Jewish,Religion,Judaism,Judaism,Judaica,Religion,Philosophy,Historical,Literature,Novels.
Title: Elliot Digs for Treasure. Author: Andrea Beck, Description: When Elliot finds a map with a mysterious X, he knows that means treasure! So out in the garden he goes to dig. Dreaming of gold and jewels, Socks, Beaverton and Angel eagerly join him. When the friends discover that the map isn't a treasure map at all, they share a good laugh. But things aren't so funny when Elliot realizes they've dug the hole so deep they're trapped with no escape!. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Cartography,Maps,Childrens.
Title: Graphic Classics, Volume 10: Horror Classics. Author: Tom Pomplun,Edgar Allan Poe,Jack London,H.P. Lovecraft,Clark Ashton Smith,W.W. Jacobs,Michael Manning,Richard Jenkins,John Pierard,Mark A. Nelson,Gabrielle Bell,Ryan Inzana,Saki, Description: Horror Classics is an anthology of great fiction adapted in comics form for readers of all ages. This tenth volume of the Graphic Classics series presents stories by eleven of the original creators of the horror genre, including H.P. Lovecraft's "The Thing on the Doorstep," Edgar Allan Poe's "Some Words with a Mummy," and W.W. Jacobs' "The Monkey's Paw." Plus Saki, Balzac, Jack London, Olive Schreiner, Bret Harte, Howard Garis, Fitz-James O'Brien and Clark Ashton Smith. With art by Michael Manning, Richard Jenkins, Gabrielle Bell, Ryan Inzana and nine more great illustrators.. Genre: Horror,Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Fantasy,Graphic Novels Comics,Short Stories,Classics,Young Adult,Fiction.
Title: The Anarchist Collectives: Workers' Self-Management in the Spanish Revolution 1936-39. Author: Sam Dolgoff,Murray Bookchin, Description: The Anarchist Collectives reveals a very different understanding of the nature of radical social change and the means of achieving it.,Sam Dolgoff, editor of the best anthology of Bakunin’s writings, has now produced an excellent documentary history of the Anarchist collective in Spain. Although there is a vast literature on the Spanish Civil War, this is the first book in English that is devoted to the experiments in workers’ self-management, both urban and rural, which constituted one of the most remarkable social revolutions in modern history. - Paul Avrich,The eyewitness reports and commentary presented in this highly important study reveal a different understanding of the nature of socialism and the means for achieving it. - Noam Chomsky,Table of Contents,Introduction, by Murray Bookchin,Part One: Background,1. The Spanish Revolution,The Two Revolutions,The Trend Towards Workers’ Self-Management,2. The Libertarian Tradition,The Rural Collectivist Tradition,The Anarchist Influence,The Political and Economic Organization of Society,3. Historical Notes,The Prologue to Revolution,The Counter-Revolution and the Destruction of the Collectives,4. The Limitations of the Revolution,Part Two: The Social Revolution,5. The Economics of Revolution,Economic Structure and Coordination,A Note on the Difficult Problems of Reconstruction,Money and Exchange,6. Workers’ Self-Management in Industry,7. Urban Collectivization,Collectivization in Catalonia,The Collectivization of the Metal and Munitions Industry,The Collectivization of the Optical Industry,The Socialization of Health Services,Industrial Collectivization in Alcoy,Control of Industries in the North,8. The Revolution of the Land,9. The Coordination of Collectives,The Peasant Federation of Levant,The Aragon Federation of Collectives: The First Congress,10. The Rural Collectives,A Journey Through Aragon,The Collectivization in Graus,Libertarian Communism in Alcora,The Collective in Binefar,Miralcampo and Azuqueca,Collectivization in Carcagente,Collectivization in Magdalena de Pulpis,The Collective in Mas de Las Matas,11. An Evaluation of the Anarchist Collectives,The Characteristics of the Libertarian Collectives,Conclusion,Bibliography,Index,Appendix,Photographs and Posters. Genre: History,Politics,Nonfiction,Civil War,Spanish Civil War,Cultural,Spain,Economics,Anarchism.
Title: Oracle Night. Author: Paul Auster, Description: The discovery of a mysterious notebook turns a man's life upside-down in this compulsively readable novel by 'one of the great writers of our time' ( San Francisco Chronicle ).,Several months into his recovery from a near-fatal illness, novelist Sidney Orr enters a stationery shop in Brooklyn and buys a blue notebook. It is September 18, 1982, and for the next nine days Orr will live under the spell of this blank book, trapped inside a world of eerie premonitions and bewildering events that threaten to destroy his marriage and undermine his faith in reality.,Paul Auster's mesmerizing eleventh novel reads like an old-fashioned ghost story. But there are no ghosts in this book - only flesh-and-blood human beings, wandering through the haunted realms of everyday life. Oracle Night is a narrative tour de force that confirms Auster's reputation as one of the boldest, most original writers at work in America today.. Genre: Fiction,Contemporary,Literature,American,Novels,Literature,Mystery,Literary Fiction,New York,The United States Of America,Roman.
Title: Principles of Colloid and Surface Chemistry, Revised and Expanded. Author: Paul C. Hiemenz, Description: This work aims to familiarize students with the fundamentals of colloid and surface science, from various types of colloids and colloidal phenomena, and classical and modern characterization/measurement techniques to applications of colloids and surface science in engineering, technology, chemistry, physics and biological and medical sciences. The Journal of Textile Studies proclaims "High praise from peers . . .contains valuable information on many topics of interest to food rheologists and polymer scientists ...[The book] should be in the libraries of academic and industrial food research organizations" and Chromatographia describes the book as "...an excellent textbook, excellently organised, clearly written and well laid out.". Genre: Science,Chemistry.
Title: The Day of the Scorpion. Author: Paul Scott, Description: In "The Day of the Scorpion," Scott draws us deeper in to his epic of India at the close of World War II. With force and subtlety, he recreates both private ambition and perversity, and the politics of an entire subcontinent at a turning point in history. ,As the scorpion, encircled by a ring of fire, will sting itself to death, so does the British raj hasten its own destruction when threatened by the flames of Indian independence. Brutal repression and imprisonment of India's leaders cannot still the cry for home rule. And in the midst of chaos, the English Laytons withdraw from a world they no longer know to seek solace in denial, drink, and madness.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Cultural,India,Fiction,Historical,Literature,European Literature,British Literature,Classics,Literature,20th Century,Novels,Cultural,Asia.
Title: The Towers of Silence. Author: Paul Scott, Description: India, 1943: In a regimental hill station, the ladies of Pankot struggle to preserve the genteel façade of British society amid the debris of a vanishing empire and World War II. A retired missionary, Barbara Batchelor, bears witness to the connections between many human dramas; the love between Daphne Manner and Hari Kumar; the desperate grief an old teacher feels for an India she cannot rescue; and the cruelty of Captain Ronald Merrick.. Genre: Historical,Historical Fiction,Cultural,India,Fiction,Historical,Literature,European Literature,British Literature,Novels,Literature,20th Century,Classics,Literary Fiction.
Title: The Hammer. Author: S.M. Stirling,David Drake, Description: Raj Whitehall and his hard-bitten troops must conquer a continent of barbarians descended from the crews of a squadron of starships. But Raj's biggest problem is the cowardice and envy among his own officers.. Genre: Science Fiction,Fiction,Science Fiction,Military Science Fiction,Fantasy,War,Military Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,War.
Title: Grammar Girl's 101 Misused Words You'll Never Confuse Again. Author: Mignon Fogarty, Description: Millions of people around the world communicate better thanks to Mignon Fogarty, aka Grammar Girl, whose top-rated weekly grammar podcast has been downloaded more than 30 million times. After realizing her fans were asking the same questions over and over, Mignon decided to focus her attention on those words that continuously confound the masses. In ,Grammar Girl's 101 Misused Words You'll Never Confuse Again,, you'll learn:,- When you should use affect and when effect is right,- Whether you should you say purposely or purposefully,- The difference between hilarious and hysterical,Packed with clear explanations, fun quotations showing the word used in context, and the quick and dirty memory tricks Mignon is known for, this friendly reference guide ends the confusion once and for all and helps you speak and write with confidence.. Genre: Nonfiction,Language,Writing,Humanities,Language,Reference,Humanities,Linguistics,Education.
Title: A Mother's Heart. Author: Jean Fleming, Description: Overwhelmed by the stress of parenting? Author Jean Fleming reveals to women what it means to be a godly mother and offers encouragement to moms of all ages and backgrounds by:,Showing women how to distinguish between their role and God's role in raising children,Explaining how to take a spiritual inventory of a child's life,Discussing how to pray effectively for children. Genre: Parenting,Christian,Nonfiction,Family,Christian,Christian Living,Spirituality,Relationships,Religion,Christianity,Religion,Theology,Religion,Faith.
Title: Eternal Lovecraft: The Persistence of HPL in Popular Culture. Author: Jim Turner,Alan Rodgers,Peter Tremayne,Don Webb,Fred Chappell,Nancy A. Collins,Thomas Ligotti,Harlan Ellison,Ian R. MacLeod,Ron Goulart,Stephen King,Richard A. Lupoff,Paula Volsky,Howard Waldrop,Steven Utley,Gene Wolfe,T.E.D. Klein,William Browning Spencer,Fritz Leiber,Robert Charles Wilson, Description: Fantasist H. P. Lovecraft enjoys an honor shared by few other authors of imaginative fiction -- since his death, the term Lovecraftian has come into worldwide use to describe a body of work so fully realized as to influence countless generations of subsequent writers. Each author in this volume came under the Lovecraftian conjuration and then wrote a story that in some way reflects this experience, providing compelling testimony that H. P. Lovecraft is one of the most influential writers of the 20(th) century.These stories have been previously published but are now gathered together to create this excellent and diverse anthology.,Contents (view Concise Listing), xiii • The "Shadow" over Lovecraft • (1998) • essay by Jim Turner, 3 • Her Misbegotten Son • (1996) • novella by Alan Rodgers, 50 • Daoine Domhain • (1992) • novelette by Peter Tremayne, 70 • To Mars and Providence • [War of the Worlds: Global Dispatches] • (1996) • short story by Don Webb, 81 • Weird Tales • (1984) • short story by Fred Chappell, 91 • The Land of the Reflected Ones • (1995) • short story by Nancy A. Collins, 102 • The Shadow at the Bottom of the World • (1990) • short story by Thomas Ligotti, 111 • Sensible City • (1994) • short story by Harlan Ellison, 119 • The Golden Keeper • (1997) • novella by Ian R. MacLeod, 165 • Ralph Wollstonecraft Hedge: A Memoir • (1959) • short story by Ron Goulart, 169 • Crouch End • [Cthulhu Mythos] • (1980) • novelette by Stephen King, 194 • The Turret • (1995) • novelette by Richard A. Lupoff, 221 • The Giant Rat of Sumatra • (1996) • novelette by Paula Volsky, 243 • Black as the Pit, from Pole to Pole • [Frankenstein Universe] • (1977) • novelette by Howard Waldrop and Steven Utley, 279 • The Other Dead Man • (1988) • short story by Gene Wolfe, 299 • The Events at Poroth Farm • (1972) • novella by T. E. D. Klein, 339 • The Ocean and All Its Devices • (1994) • novelette by William Browning Spencer, 357 • A Bit of the Dark World • (1962) • novelette by Fritz Leiber, 386 • The Perseids • (1995) • novelette by Robert Charles Wilson. Genre: Horror,Short Stories,Anthologies,Gothic,Horror,Lovecraftian,Lovecraftian,Cthulhu Mythos,Fantasy.
Title: H.P. Lovecraft's Favorite Weird Tales: The Roots of Modern Horror. Author: Douglas A. Anderson, Description: H.P. Lovecraft's favorite horror stories, those that inspired and awed him!,In 1929-30, H.P. Lovecraft made some lists of both literary and popular stories "having the greatest amount of truly cosmic horror and macabre convincingness." These lists of his favorite weird tales make for a truly landmark Lovecraftian anthology. We present Lovecraft's own favorites horror,stories, including some well-known classics, alongside of a number of excellent rare tales by forgotten authors. Many of these stories are classics, inspiring several generations since of the world's best horror authors. Contributors include Edgar Allan Poe, Ambrose Bierce, Arthur Machen, Robert W. Chambers, M. R. James, Algernon Blackwood, M. P. Shiel, A. Merritt, Walter de la Mare, Paul Suter, M. L. Humphreys, H.F. Arnold, Everil Worrell, Arthur J. Burks, and John Martin Leahy. This is the anthology of favorite weird tales that Lovecraft himself hoped to compile!,"To understand why Lovecraft regarded these stories as the touchstone for greatness in the literature of supernatural horror is to understand the significance of the genre itself. The classic works included in this collection, along with Lovecraft's own best tales, both justify and represent the essence of this form of human expression." – Thomas Ligotti. Genre: Horror,Short Stories,Fiction,Anthologies,Horror,Lovecraftian,Gothic,Fantasy.
Title: Pollyanna. Author: Eleanor H. Porter, Description: The orphan girl Pollyanna moves in with her strict aunt in New England. Despite a difficult start, Pollyanna's exuberance and positivity affect everyone who meets her, and she spreads joy and love wherever she goes. But when tragedy strikes, Pollyanna finds her optimistic attitude tested, and she must learn to find happiness again.,A heartwarming tale that has become one of the most loved children's stories of all time, Eleanor H. Porter's 1913 best-seller—the first in a long series of Pollyanna novels by the author and other writers—is a beautiful story with a powerful moral message.. Genre: Classics,Fiction,Childrens,Young Adult,Historical,Historical Fiction,Childrens,Middle Grade,Historical,Childrens,Childrens Classics,Literature,American,Childrens,Juvenile.
Title: The Cult of Alien Gods: H.P. Lovecraft And Extraterrestrial Pop Culture. Author: Jason Colavito, Description: Many Americans believe that so-called ancient astronauts (visitors from outer space) were responsible for historical wonders like the pyramids. This entertaining and informative book traces the origins of such beliefs to the work of horror writer H. P. Lovecraft (1890–1937). The author takes the reader through fifty years of pop culture and pseudoscience highlighting such influential figures and developments as Erich von Däniken (,Chariots of the Gods,), Graham Hancock (,Fingerprints of the Gods,), Zecharia Sitchin (,Twelfth Planet,), and the Raelian Revolution. The astounding and improbable connections among these various characters are revealed, along with the disturbing consequences of Lovecraft’s "little joke" for modern science and public knowledge.. Genre: Nonfiction,Horror,History,Lovecraftian,Cthulhu Mythos,Horror,Lovecraftian,Occult.
Title: Financial Accounting Theory and Analysis: Text and Cases. Author: Richard G. Schroeder,Myrtle W. Clark,Jack M. Cathey, Description: Unusual book. Genre: nan.
Title: The Book of Herbal Teas: A Guide to Gathering, Brewing, and Drinking. Author: Sara Perry, Description: Soothing chamomile. Refreshing peppermint. Tangy rose hips. Prized since ancient times for their medicinal properties, herbal teasC'mellow, flavorful, and aromaticC'are enjoying a modern renaissance. "The Book of Herbal Teas" presents lovingly detailed profiles of 40 popular herbs and spices for making tea, complete with everything tea lovers need to know to grow, gather, blend, and brew them at home. Here, too, are tips on how to use their gentle healing powers to brighten a mood, ease a cold or flu, or bring deep, relaxing sleep. Suffused with a fascinating blend of history and lore and illustrated with lovely photographs, this charming and comprehensive volume offers a refreshing new take on enjoying favorite herbal teas to the fullest.. Genre: Food and Drink,Cookbooks,Nonfiction,Food and Drink,Tea.
Title: H.P. Lovecraft's Arkham: Unveiling the Legend-Haunted City. Author: Keith Herber,Richard Watts,Mark Morrison, Description: Chaosium Stock #8803,Book by Keith Herber, et al.. Genre: Games,Role Playing Games,Horror,Games,Gaming,Sports and Games,Games,Lovecraftian,Cthulhu Mythos.
Title: Journal 64. Author: Jussi Adler-Olsen, Description: Indtil for blot 40 år siden blev utilpassede eller blot uheldige danske kvinder deporteret til en lille ø, hvor ondskab, misrøgt og torturlignende metoder blev brugt til at holde orden. Hertil kom Nete Hermansen, og her fra slap hun væk: Troede hun. Den dag fortiden indhentede hende, blev det starten på en af Afdeling Q’s mest komplicerede sager. Hvad gemmer hendes fortid? Hvad hændte der hende? Hvor forsvandt menneskene omkring hende hen? Og hvem stod bag? ,Skønt vicepolitikommissær Carl Mørck har rigeligt at se til med en mordefterforskning, han måske var involveret i og med et privatliv, der ikke helt spiller, presser hans to stædige assistenter ham til at genåbne den sag, der for 23 år siden udspillede sig med voldsomme konsekvenser for de implicerede. Snart går det op for det lille efterforskningsteam, at sagen blot er en lille flig af noget større, der handler om overgreb af den allergroveste slags. Overgreb, som tilsyneladende stadig finder sted. ,Stille, roligt og indædt går opklaringsarbejdet i gang, og det kommer til at tære på Carl, ikke mindst fordi hans, Roses og Assads engagement i sagen bliver livsfarligt. Og da Carl endelig mener at vide, hvordan tingene hænger sammen, melder en ny og meget koldblodig spiller sig på banen.. Genre: Mystery,Mystery,Crime,Thriller,Fiction,European Literature,Scandinavian Literature,Cultural,Denmark,Thriller,Mystery Thriller,Scandinavian Lite...,Nordic Noir,Audiobook,Mystery,Detective.
Title: The Starry Wisdom. Author: D.M. Mitchell,Alan Moore,Ramsey Campbell, Description: Fiction. Science Fiction and Fantasy. Graphic Novel. Contemporary visions of cosmic transformation, mutation and madness--many inspired directly by the life and writings of H.P. Lovecraft, others reflecting his strangely presentient themes in their own bizarre subtexts. Here the primal beings of Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos stalk a postmodern landscape of social collapse, ethnic cleansing, genetic engineering and nuclear devastation--nightmare prophecies from his ulp pages which have now come chillingly true.. Genre: Horror,Short Stories,Fiction,Anthologies,Horror,Lovecraftian,Fantasy,Weird Fiction,Lovecraftian,Cthulhu Mythos.
Title: Re-Animator. Author: Jeff Rovin,Dennis Paoli,William J. Norris,Stuart Gordon,H.P. Lovecraft, Description: nan. Genre: Horror,Horror,Zombies,Science Fiction.
Title: Terrarium Craft: Create 50 Magical, Miniature Worlds. Author: Amy Bryant Aiello,Kate Bryant,Kate Baldwin, Description: A terrarium is nothing less than a miniature world—one that you can create yourself. It might be a tiny rainforest, with lush foliage and bright tropical flowers. Or a desert, with strange succulents planted among colorful stones. Or a Victorian fernery. Or a minimalist composition with a single, perfect plant.,Or it might not contain any plants at all. It might be made with crystals, feathers, bones, seashells, bits of wood, porcelain trinkets—anything that catches your fancy and helps create a mood or look. Whatever they contain, terrariums are the ultimate in modern, affordable, easy-care décor.,Terrarium Craft, features fifty original designs that you can re-create or use as inspiration for your own design. Each entry comes with clear step-by-step directions on how to assemble and care for your terrarium. You’ll also find helpful information about selecting a container, using appropriate materials, choosing the right plants, and maintaining your terrarium. (Hint: It’s easy! In fact, many terrariums are self-sustaining, requiring no maintenance whatsoever!). Genre: Nonfiction,Gardening,Art,Crafts,Reference,How To,Art,Environment,Nature,Nature,Plants,Adult,Environment,Green.
Title: Rex Libris, Volume I: I, Librarian. Author: James  Turner, Description: The astonishing story of the incomparable Rex Libris, Head Librarian at Middleton Public Library, and his unending struggle against the forces of ignorance and darkness. Rex travels to the farthest reaches of the galaxy in search of overdue books. Wearing his super thick bottle glasses, and armed with an arsenal of high technology weapons, he strikes fear into recalcitrant borrowers, and can take on virtually any foe from zombies to renegade literary characters. In this first collection of Librarian adventures, Rex must confront the powerful Space Warlord Vaglox and retrieve the overdue Principia Mathematica while an energy manifestation of blood thirsty Vandals attempt to burn down Middleton Library, and all within, to the ground.. Genre: Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Fantasy,Fiction,Humor,Science Fiction,Writing,Books About Books,Graphic Novels Comics,Adventure,Adult.
Title: At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels of Terror. Author: H.P. Lovecraft,August Derleth, Description: NIGHTMARE STORIES FROM THE LAND OF TOTAL FEAR,Renowned as one of the great horror-writers of all time, H.P. Lovecraft produced works of enduring power. Now gathered together into this omnibus volume are seven classics of screaming supernatural terror and vilest horror...,Front cover illustration by Tim White.,Contents:,- Introduction: H. P. Lovecraft's Novels by August Derleth,- At the Mountains of Madness,- The Case of Charles Dexter Ward,- The Dreams in the Witch-House,- The Statement of Randolph Carter,- The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath,- The Silver Key,- Through the Gates of the Silver Key. Genre: Horror,Fiction,Fantasy,Short Stories,Science Fiction,Classics,Horror,Lovecraftian,Anthologies,Anthologies,Collections,Lovecraftian,Cthulhu Mythos.
Title: 1001 Simple Ways to Lose Weight: Proven Tips Forlosing Those Extra Pounds and Keeping Them Off. Author: Gary L. Rempe, Description: 1001 Simple Ways to Lose Weight offers immediate, practical, encouraging solutions to every weight-loss problem, from cutting down on fat and developing an exercise program to facing down that gooey hot-fudge sundae and learning to love the size-16 (and slimming ) reflection in the mirror. Written with the help of a panel of experts and based on the real-life success stories of more than 1,000 people, this one-of-a-kind collection gives dieters "hands-off" solutions to any weight-loss crisis they'll ever have.. Genre: nan.
Title: Eleanor Rigby. Author: Douglas Coupland, Description: Eleanor Rigby ,is the story of Liz, a self-described drab, overweight, crabby, and friendless middle-aged woman, and her unlikely reunion with the charming and strange son she gave up for adoption. His arrival changes everything, and sets in motion a rapid-fire plot with all the twists and turns we expect of Coupland. By turns funny and heartbreaking, ,Eleanor Rigby, is a fast-paced read and a haunting exploration of the ways in which loneliness affects us all.. Genre: Fiction,Cultural,Canada,Contemporary,Novels,Literature,Literary Fiction,Literature,Canadian Literature,Adult Fiction,Drama,Humor.
Title: Two Miles a Minute: The Story Behind the Conception and Operation of Britain's High Speed and Advanced Passenger Trains. Author: Oswald Stevens Nock, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: Egyptian Myths and Mysteries. Author: Rudolf Steiner,N. Macbeth, Description: 12 Lectures, Leipzig, September 2-14, 1908 (CW 106),Rudolf Steiner emphasizes the astonishing and special relationship between our own time and that of ancient Egypt--how, in the natural rhythm of the ages, the so-called third post-Atlantian (Egyptian) epoch is mirrored by the fifth (present) epoch. In this sense, today it is especially relevant to look at ancient Egypt with fresh eyes. The evolution of Western civilization has been profoundly influenced by Egyptian myths through the Greek mysteries. Because of other influences, however, this heritage has degenerated; thinking has mummified and and myth has all but disappeared. Consequently, it is important to revive the seed of goodness passed down to us from ancient Egypt.,Through true imagination, it is our task to renew human knowledge related to the creative forces in nature, which the Egyptians attempted through the Osiris-Isis myth, and the Greeks through the myth of Demeter. This is what Rudolf Steiner attempts in this lecture cycle.,Steiner's subjects include: experiences of Egyptian initiations; esoteric anatomy and physiology; the stages of evolution of the human form; and much more. The final lecture is on the Christ impulse as the conqueror of matter.,This volume is a translation from German of �,�gyptische Mythen und Mysterien im Verh�ltnis zu den wirkenden Geisteskr�ften der Gegenwart,� (GA 106).,C O N T E N T S,Lecture 1. Spiritual connections between the culture streams of ancient and modern times,Lecture 2. The reflection of cosmic events in the religious view of human beings,Lecture 3. The old initiation centers; the human form as a subject of meditation,Lecture 4. Experiences of initiation; the mysteries of planets; descent of the primeval world,Lecture 5. The genesis of the trinity of Sun, Moon, and Earth; Osiris and Typhon,Lecture 6. The influence of Osiris and Isis; facts of occult anatomy and physiology,Lecture 7. Evolution in the human organism up to the Moon's departure,Lecture 8. States of evolution in the human form; the four human types,Lecture 9. Influence of the Sun and Moon spirits and the Isis and Osiris forces,Lecture 10. Ancient myths as images of cosmic facts; dimming of spiritual consciousness,Lecture 11. Ancient Egyptian doctrine of evolution; cosmic view of the organs,Lecture 12. The Christ impulse as conqueror of matter. Genre: Nonfiction,Fantasy,Mythology,Northern Africa,Egypt,Philosophy,History,Occult,Archaeology,Egyptology.
Title: Seduced: The Scandalous Virgin. Author: Deborah Hale, Description: Fresh from scandal in India, headstrong Genia Vernon is being shipped off to England, where she faces a gray future as companion to her aged aunt. When she meets arrogant rake Blade Maxwell on board, she has her one and only chance for a hot, passionate fling...,Blade wants to sow his wild oats one last time before duty forces him to marry. And being in such close proximity to fiery Genia has him more than tempted to break his golden rule--to never seduce a virgin. Genre: Romance,Historical Romance,Romance.
Title: Broadway: An Encyclopedic Guide to the History, People, and Places of Times Square. Author: Ken Bloom, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: Number 7 Queer Street. Author: Margery Lawrence, Description: Number Seven, Queer Street is a collection of supernatural detective short stories by author Margery Lawrence. It was first published by Robert Hale in the United Kingdom in 1945. The first United States edition was published in 1966 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 2,027 copies and omits the last two stories. The stories are about Lawrence's supernatural detective Miles Pennoyer.. Genre: nan.
Title: Return to Lovecraft Country: Fifteen Frightening Forays into the Lovecraftian Landscape. Author: Scott David Aniolowski,Donald R. Burleson, Description: Take a journey through the New England of H.P. Lovecraft and return to many of the locales immortalized in his chilling tales of the Cthulhu Mythos. You will be guided by some of the finest authors of horror fiction, both past and present, as well as many up and coming talents who will take the dark children of Lovecraft into the mellennium. This collection contains works by T.E.D. Klein, Richard Lupoff, Thomas Ligotti, C.J. Henderson, and a rare reprint of a story by the great Lin Carter.. Genre: Horror,Lovecraftian,Cthulhu Mythos.
Title: The 12 Week Year. Author: Brian P. Moran,Michael Lennington, Description: 5 hrs and 17 mins,The guide to shortening your execution cycle down from one year to 12 weeks ,Most organizations and individuals work in the context of annual goals and plans; a 12-month execution cycle. Instead, The 12 Week Year avoids the pitfalls and low productivity of annualized thinking. This book redefines your "year" to be 12 weeks long. In 12 weeks, there just isn't enough time to get complacent, and urgency increases and intensifies. The 12 Week Year creates focus and clarity on what matters most and a sense of urgency to do it now. In the end more of the important stuff gets done and the impact on results is profound.Explains how to leverage the power of a 12-week year to drive improved results in any area of your lifeOffers a how-to book for both individuals and organizations seeking to improve their execution effectivenessAuthors are leading experts on execution and implementation ,Turn your organization's idea of a year on its head, and speed your journey to success.,©2013 Brian P. Moran and Michael Lennington (P)2014 Audible Inc.. Genre: Business,Nonfiction,Productivity,Self Help,Self Help,Personal Development,Leadership,Buisness,Business,Management,Audiobook,Psychology.
Title: The Dark Worlds of H.P. Lovecraft, Vol 4. Author: H.P. Lovecraft,Wayne June,Fred Godsmark, Description: Howard Phillips Lovecraft, has been hailed by literary critics as the inventor of modern horror, and a cultivating force behind such modern writers as Robert Bloch (Psycho), Wes Craven (The Craft, Nightmare on Elm Street, Scream), and Stephen King (Pet Semetary, Carrie, Children of the Corn), just to name a few. ,The Rats In The Walls: After its complete restoration, the narrator of this tale moves into his ancestral family home. Soon afterward, however, he begins to hear noises in the walls. Suspecting rats, he sets out traps but finds these vermin are not the kind so easily dispatched. One of the all-time creepiest of Lovecraft's tales. ,The Shunned House: In the city of Providence stands an antique home of which everyone whispers. Never called haunted exactly, it is known as a place unlucky, one in which people have supposedly died in alarmingly great numbers. This is what Lovecraft's narrator tells us, just before he and his uncle begin a series of investigations into the old place, a place with a terrible odor, one that is stronger in the basement than any place else. ,The Music Of Eric Zann: In the city of Lights, an impoverished student hears incredible music coming from peaked garret overhead. He knows little of the violin, but is certain from the fantastic pieces he hears night after night that he is in the presence of a highly original genius. But, it isn't long before he finds himself wondering, why does Zann only play at night? And why every night? ,Brought to life again by the incomparable Wayne June, come horrors from the mind of the Master himself, in the way that only he can. Approx. 3.5 Hours. Genre: Horror,Fiction,Fantasy,Audiobook,Short Stories,Suspense,Fantasy,Mythology,Horror,Lovecraftian.
Title: Midnight Nation. Author: J. Michael Straczynski,Gary Frank, Description: Writer J. Michael Straczynski's classic tale of loss and redemption is collected in its entirety with all 12 issues, Midnight Nation #1/2, and a cover gallery. Also includes a touching and insightful afterword from Straczynski. . Genre: Sequential Art,Graphic Novels,Sequential Art,Comics,Fantasy,Fiction,Horror,Graphic Novels Comics,Comics,Comic Book,Fantasy,Urban Fantasy,Comics Manga,Science Fiction.
Title: Darwin and the Beagle. Author: Alan Moorehead, Description: 1st Penguin trade 1971 edition paperback vg++ to fine book In stock shipped from our UK warehouse. Genre: History,Nonfiction,Biography,Science,Biology,Evolution,Travel,Science,History Of Science,Environment,Nature,Science,Biology,Science,Natural History.
Title: The Adventure of Reason: Interplay Between Philosophy of Mathematics and Mathematical Logic, 1900-1940. Author: Paolo Mancosu, Description: Paolo Mancosu presents a series of innovative studies in the history and the philosophy of logic and mathematics in the first half of the twentieth century. ,The Adventure of Reason ,is divided into five main sections: history of logic (from Russell to Tarski); foundational issues (Hilbert's program, constructivity, Wittgenstein, Godel); mathematics and phenomenology (Weyl, Becker, Mahnke); nominalism (Quine, Tarski); semantics (Tarski, Carnap, Neurath). Mancosu exploits extensive untapped archival sources to make available a wealth of new material that deepens in significant ways our understanding of these fascinating areas of modern intellectual history. At the same time, the book is a contribution to recent philosophical debates, in particular on the prospects for a successful nominalist reconstruction of mathematics, the nature of finitist intuition, the viability of alternative definitions of logical consequence, and the extent to which phenomenology can hope to account for the exact sciences.. Genre: Philosophy,Logic,Science,Mathematics.
Title: Conscious Classroom Management: Unlocking the Secrets of Great Teaching. Author: Rick     Smith,Tom Hermansen,Spence Rogers, Description: [This] book takes a magnifying glass to great teaching, revealing the key assumptions that allow teachers to organize their teaching and discipline students in ways that invite student cooperation.-From the Foreword by Spence Rogers, Founder and DirectorPeak Learning SystemsRick Smith peeks behind the invisible veil of good teaching to discover numerous enlightening classical concepts and techniques that all teachers can use to become better at their craft.-Rick CurwinAuthor, Discipline with DignityRick Smith has the power to engage any learner. His deep understanding of how we learn, his highly nuanced, empathetic humor, and his gentle regard for fellow learners of any age combine to provide the reader with 'aha after aha.'-Bea Warner, Staff Development DirectorEscondido, CAMake your job easier! Find out what really works for effective classroom management and reap the benefits of engaged and productive students!Conscious Classroom Management is a delightfully rich text that incorporates meaningful stories, insights, humor, and invaluable strategies for what really works in the classroom. And while classroom management is the primary factor behind how successful teachers can achieve sustained student learning, this wonderful text also addresses the human elements of teaching, focusing on three primary subjects: the students, the teacher, and the relationship between the two. Comprehensive and practical, Conscious Classroom Management helps teachers to: Eliminate power struggles with your most challenging students Discover how holding your ground can help students cooperate Uncover your teacher presence while reducing stress Create lessons that help students remainfocused, eager, and willing to learn Appreciate your craft at a deeper level Think ahead and prepare to teach Energize and invigorate how you mentor and train other teachersFor the novice, first-year teacher to the veteran, classroom-tested teacher, classroom management is the most critical factor for sustained student learning. And eliminating the cycle of student misbehavior is the cornerstone for effective classroom management. This reference transcends every level of preparation and provides new and experienced teachers with the practical and comprehensive strategies necessary to get the most out of every student. Written in an easy-to-read and humorous, conversational style, this resource is indispensable for new teacher induction or regular staff development.. Genre: Education,Teaching,Nonfiction,Textbooks.
Title: Phineas Gage: A Gruesome but True Story About Brain Science. Author: John Fleischman, Description: Phineas Gage was truly a man with a hole in his head. Phineas, a railroad construction foreman, was blasting rock near Cavendish, Vermont, in 1848 when a thirteen-pound iron rod was shot through his brain. Miraculously, he survived to live another eleven years and become a textbook case in brain science.,At the time, Phineas Gage seemed to completely recover from his accident. He could walk, talk, work, and travel, but he was changed. Gage "was no longer Gage," said his Vermont doctor, meaning that the old Phineas was dependable and well liked, and the new Phineas was crude and unpredictable.,His case astonished doctors in his day and still fascinates doctors today. What happened and what didn’t happen inside the brain of Phineas Gage will tell you a lot about how your brain works and how you act human.. Genre: Nonfiction,Science,History,Biography,Psychology,Childrens,Middle Grade,Historical,Childrens,Neuroscience,Brain,Medical.
Title: Conscious Discipline: 7 Basic Skills for Brain Smart Classroom Management. Author: Becky A. Bailey, Description: A Trio of three masterpieces: A Child's Heart, Klein and Wagner, and Klingsor's Last Summer.. Genre: Education,Parenting,Teaching,Nonfiction,Academic,School,Academic,Grad School.
Title: Homo Faber. Author: Max Frisch,Michael Bullock, Description: Walter Faber is an emotionally detached engineer forced by a string of coincidences to embark on a journey through his past.. Genre: Classics,Fiction,European Literature,German Literature,Academic,School,Literature,Novels,Roman,Literature,20th Century,Cultural,Germany,Academic,Read For School.
Title: Millionaire Women Next Door: The Many Journeys of Successful American Businesswomen. Author: Thomas J. Stanley, Description: "Most Americans are not free. They are chained to their paychecks............The women profiled herein will not tolerate such an existence. They are a different breed. They are free. They are cultivators of wealth and satisfied with life.", Dr. Thomas J. Stanley first swept aside the mythical magic curtain of wealth with ,The Millionaire Next Door,, revealing just who and how common the truly wealthy were in this country as well as the characteristics and habits that made them so. With ,Millionaire Women Next Door,, he now focuses on one of the least understood but increasingly rich demographics., "Why write another book that profiles millionaires?" Stanley asks. "The vast majority of the millionaire respondents (92 percent) in ,The Millionaire Next Door, were men............ I felt that it was indeed time for successful businesswomen of the self-made variety to be heard." And heard they are in this book that is every bit as informative and inspirational as the author's earlier works. Stanley's thoroughly researched findings and conclusions will fascinate readers everywhere. They'll definitely come away more knowledgeable and greatly inspired by women who have found the key to riches.. Genre: Economics,Finance,Nonfiction,Business,Currency,Money,Economics,Finance,Personal Finance,Self Help,Self Help,Personal Development,Buisness,Womens.
Title: An Introduction to Virgil's Aeneid. Author: W.A. Camp,W.A. Camp, Description: This book is geared primarily to students approaching the ,Aeneid, for the first time. It attempts, through discussion of a wide variety of topics, to convey a balanced impression of the nature of the poem as a whole. An appendix includes a version of and ancient Life of Virgil and information about the ancient commentary on him.. Genre: Classics.
Title: Aeneid, The (MAXNotes Literature Guides). Author: Tonnivane Wiswell,Research & Education Association, Description: REA's MAXnotes for Virgil's ,Aeneid, ,MAXnotes offer a fresh look at masterpieces of literature, presented in a lively and interesting fashion. Written by literary experts who currently teach the subject, MAXnotes will enhance your understanding and enjoyment of the work. MAXnotes are designed to stimulate independent thought about the literary work by raising various issues and thought-provoking ideas and questions. ,MAXnotes cover the essentials of what one should know about each work, including an overall summary, character lists, an explanation and discussion of the plot, the work's historical context, illustrations to convey the mood of the work, and a biography of the author. Each chapter is individually summarized and analyzed, and has study questions and answers.. Genre: nan.
Title: The Prophets. Author: Abraham Joshua Heschel, Description: Abraham Heschel is a seminal name in religious studies and the author of ,Man Is Not Alone, and ,God in Search of Man., When ,The Prophets, was first published in 1962, it was immediately recognized as a masterpiece of biblical scholarship.,The Prophets, provides a unique opportunity for readers of the Old Testament, both Christian and Jewish, to gain fresh and deep knowledge of Israel's prophetic movement. The author's profound understanding of the prophets also opens the door to new insight into the philosophy of religion.. Genre: Religion,Theology,Religion,Religion,Judaism,Literature,Jewish,Philosophy,Nonfiction,Christian,Religion,Christianity,Judaism,Judaica,Christianity,Old Testament.
Title: Two by Two. Author: Barbara Reid, Description: An award-winning author/illustrator retells the tale of Noah's Ark in lively rhyme and warm, sumptuous illustrations in this ALA Notable Picture Book. A musical score and verses to sing the story are included.. Genre: Childrens,Picture Books,Childrens,Animals,Number,Counting,Religion,Biblical,Fiction,Christian.
Title: Murder Most Cozy: Mysteries in the Classic Tradition. Author: Cynthia Manson,Dorothy L. Sayers,Margery Allingham,Julian Symons,Michael Innes,Amanda Cross,Patricia Moyes,C.M. Chan,Hugh B. Cave,Alexandra Allan, Description: In a gathering that may look like the cozy sleuth's annual convention, this quintessential collection boasts a lineup just short of a mystery writer's who's who--including Dorothy Sayers, Margery Allingham, Julian Symons, C.M. Chan, Amanda Cross, and Michael Innes--penning deliciously clever stories knee-deep in chintz and well-appointed foul play.. Genre: Short Stories,Mystery,Anthologies,Mystery,Cozy Mystery.
Title: Chess Strategy. Author: Edward Lasker, Description: One of a half-dozen great theoretical works in chess, shows principles of action above and beyond moves. Acclaimed by Capablanca, Keres, and other greats.. Genre: Games,Chess,Nonfiction,Sports and Games,Games,How To.
Title: Cosmopolis: The Hidden Agenda of Modernity. Author: Stephen Toulmin, Description: In the seventeenth century, a vision arose which was to captivate the Western imagination for the next three hundred years: the vision of Cosmopolis, a society as rationally ordered as the Newtonian view of nature. While fueling extraordinary advances in all fields of human endeavor, this vision perpetuated a hidden yet persistent agenda: the delusion that human nature and society could be fitted into precise and manageable rational categories. Stephen Toulmin confronts that agenda—its illusions and its consequences for our present and future world.,"By showing how different the last three centuries would have been if Montaigne, rather than Descartes, had been taken as a starting point, Toulmin helps destroy the illusion that the Cartesian quest for certainty is intrinsic to the nature of science or philosophy."—Richard M. Rorty, University of Virginia,"[Toulmin] has now tackled perhaps his most ambitious theme of all. . . . His aim is nothing less than to lay before us an account of both the origins and the prospects of our distinctively modern world. By charting the evolution of modernity, he hopes to show us what intellectual posture we ought to adopt as we confront the coming millennium."—Quentin Skinner, ,New York Review of Books. Genre: Philosophy,History,Nonfiction,Culture,Cultural Studies,Philosophy,Theory,Politics,Sociology,Science.
Title: The Entrepreneur Equation: Evaluating the Realities, Risks, and Rewards of Having Your Own Business. Author: Carol Roth,Michael Port, Description: It’s time to drop the rose-colored glasses and face the facts: most new businesses fail, with often devastating consequences for the would-be entrepreneur.,The ,New York Times, Wall Street Journal,, and ,USA TODAY, bestseller ,The Entrepreneur Equation, helps you do the math before you set down the entrepreneurial path so that you can answer more than just "Could I be an entrepreneur?" but rather "Should I be an entrepreneur?". By understanding what it takes to build a valuable business as well as how to assess the risks and rewards of business ownership based on your personal circumstances, you can learn how to stack the odds of success in your favor and ultimately decide if business ownership is the best possible path for you, now or ever.,Through illustrative examples and personalized exercises, tell-it-like-it-is Carol Roth helps you create and evaluate your own personal Entrepreneur Equation as you:,-Learn what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur in today's competitive environment.,-Save money, time and effort by avoiding business ownership when the time isn't right for you.,-Identify and evaluate the risks and rewards of a new business based on your goals and circumstances.,-Evaluate whether your dreams are best served by a hobby, job or business.,-Gain the tools that you need to maximize your business success.,The Entrepreneur Equation, is essential reading for the aspiring entrepreneur. Before you invest your life savings, invest in this book!. Genre: Business,Business,Entrepreneurship,Buisness,Nonfiction.
Title: A Coast to Coast Walk. Author: Alfred Wainwright, Description: The Coast to Coast Walk, devised by Wainwright himself, stretches across 190 miles from St Bees Head on the East coast to Robin Hood's Bay on the West, passing through the Lake District, Yorkshire Dales and North York Moors. This Pictorial Guide, first published in 1973 and updated in 1992, contains Wainwright's original text and his hand-drawn black-and-white route maps for this much -oved walk.. Genre: Nonfiction,Travel,European Literature,British Literature,Travel,Walking,Reference.
Title: Wainwrights Favourite Lakeland Mountains. Author: Alfred Wainwright,Derry Brabbs, Description: nan. Genre: Travel,Walking.
Title: Pennine Way companion: a pictorial guide. Author: Alfred Wainwright, Description: nan. Genre: nan.
Title: The Time Roads. Author: Beth Bernobich, Description: Éire is one of the most powerful empires in the world. The Anglian Dependencies are a dusty backwater filled with resentful colonial subjects, Europe is a disjointed mess, and many look to Éire for stability and peace. In a series of braided stories, Beth Bernobich has created a tale about the brilliant Éireann scientists who have already bent the laws of nature for Man's benefit. And who now are striving to conquer the nature of time.. Genre: Science Fiction,Steampunk,Fantasy,Science Fiction,Alternate History,Science Fiction,Time Travel,Science Fiction,Fiction,Historical,Historical Fiction,Science Fiction Fantasy,Adult,Short Stories.
